ARTIST: J.R. Mason
ALBUM: Babylon's Final Hours
CHAPTER: Chapter II: This Is Babylon

30 YEARS LATER

Babylon is a citywide kingdom with fifty-foot stone walls encompassing it. Inside are four districts: the Market District, the Farmlands, the Industrial District, and the Housing District. In the Market District, people trade amongst each other in harmony. In the Farmlands, peasants tend to the crops, raise livestock, and store food in massive silos. In the Industrial District, workers produce consumer goods in steam-powered factories for the people. In the Housing District, the citizens live in wooden, stone apartment buildings with an incredible four blocks dedicated to the army in its center. Each district has its own designated leader. Alexander Rudolph leads the army and the Housing District. Timothy Montgomery keeps track of the Industrial District's power supply, workers, and managers. Russell Martinez keeps the peace in the Marketing District by reporting any suspicious persons to the Monarchy. Merlin Monroe takes reports of the monthly harvests in the Farmlands.

All information leads back to the Monarchy, and they do what they please with it. If they tell the truth, they tell the truth. If they lie, they lie; and if any of the District Leaders confront the Monarchy, they are disposed of. After all, the only rule in Babylon is to obey the Monarchy. All of this is necessary to keep the populous under control.

In the Observational Deck, which is now the Throne Room due to the massive golden throne against the back wall, Forrest and Echo sleep soundly in Judas' old bed. Forrest's hair has grown immensely, personifying his never-ending descent into insanity. He wears a purple robe, and his staff leans against the bed's headrest. Echo now has a prosthetic arm of Merlin's design because a bear tore it off a year ago. She has found immense love for the maniac, and they have been together all this time. She wears a red corset, and a thick layer of dirt and dried blood covers her body, just like the other 75,000 residents of the successful kingdom.

Forrest's idea continues to prevail, and it only adds to the power they and the District Leaders have; and as we head into this complex political age, one ominous belief looms over all Babylonians: Power is an illusion. If everyone wakes up to this, the Monarchy will be overthrown, resulting in a historical rebellion. Those in power do everything they can to prevent this from happening, and they accomplish this through rigorous propaganda, which the kingdom's printing press produces daily. If this idea doesn't exist in their world, nobody can conceptualize it, thus leaving the Monarchy in total control.

The schizophrenic king opens his eyes, the bags under them accentuating his sleeplessness. He gets out of bed and walks over to one of the windows overlooking the kingdom. Below them, a steam-powered society waking up from the depths of deep sleep. He gazes over the Gothic structures, unable to be more content with the success of his dream. Look at them. Look at how easily you can control them. Echo's practically wrapped around your finger, unable to suspect us. Keep it that way. You know what happens if you don't. As long as nobody questions whether or not there are other societies, we'll reign forever. At moments like this, Forrest is grateful for them depending on isolationism for their success. If the Babylonians ever find out of other societies, they'd leave the kingdom with hopes of finding freedom.

Behind him, Echo yawns as she wakes up from a dream.

"Good morning," she says calmly.

"Did you get any sleep?"

"You know the answer to that." He stretches his arms. "Come on, we've got a big day ahead of us."

"Ain't that the truth. We're still sticking to the original plan, right?"

"Yep. Like always. Although, the only addition is seeing Dante."

"Him? Why?"

"I feel like I have to apologize for the fight we had last week. He still hasn't talked to me."

"Just be nice. Remember Vietnam; is a fight really worth getting involved in?"

"No. You make me laugh; I'll see you at the table."

After finishing a breakfast of fresh produce and milk, they kiss each other before heading down the Needle's staircase. All this time, they both think about the night Judas was killed. They ponder on how confused, hopeless, and heartbroken the colonists looked. They remember standing up and preaching about her shortcomings; their promise about civilization still reverberates in the darkest neurons of their long-term memory. Forrest found a belief that night: the ends justify the means. That is how he gets away with everything now without the people standing in his way. When you use the bigger picture as an excuse for power, opportunities for what you can do with it become limitless.

Once outside the Needle, they part ways. Forrest travels through the kingdom's dense crowds; the scene looks like a festival from the 1200s. This time, however, the civilians look happy and the morning sun cakes Babylon in a hopeful atmosphere. His first stop is Alexander's house, and upon reaching it he knocks on the front door until the general answers. Alex invites him inside, and they take their seats in an oriental living room. Lining the walls are bookshelves full of titles from ancient battle strategists, including works from Sun Tzu. A crackling fire settles the mood for this unimportant report; Alexander retrieves a journal. Forrest takes it and flips through the worn pages.

The general nervously folds his arms. "As you can see, the horde attack last week took 100 people."

Closing the journal, the king says, "75,000. The population needs to stay at that number. We can cover this up."

"Okay… This doesn't feel right."

"Obey the Monarchy. Being exiled is the last thing any of us want."

"Fine. You're the index for all the accurate information, after all."

"Is there anything else you need to report?"

"Just the usual gang activity off 5th. They're like a rip-off of Public Enemy Number One; there's nothing to worry about with them."

"Do you have any leads as to who's ruling them?"

"Not yet. I'll get my guys to look into it, though."

"Good. We can't have that type of behavior within these walls. If you have to kill them, don't hesitate. You know how our gangs are."

"I know, but… Jesus, Forrest. They're still Babylonians."

"What makes them so special this time?"

"Nothing."

"Remember what I said earlier about obeying the Monarchy?"

"Yes."

"Listen to me. A threat's a threat. Period. Think about the children."

Alex sighs. "You're right. Safety comes first. Are we done?"

"Yes."

"Good. Then let me propose an idea."

"Go on."

"I want to go to California."

Forrest laughs. "That's out of the question; you need to be here."

"But… Forrest, do you know how much oil that state has?"

"It doesn't matter; we don't need it. We have steam. If we move over to oil, then we'd constantly have to worry about the supply."

"Not with how I'm planning on doing it."

"No. That's the final answer. I have to leave."

Now in the Industrial District, Forrest passes the impressive steam-powered factories. Although the levels of coal burning are immense, it's still a better choice than converting to oil because of how much of it they mine daily. He watches the workers through the arched windows, and they're busy doing God knows what. Making guns. Cans for food preservation. Armor for the military. This district is the kingdom's beating heart, and Forrest knows that if he loses Timothy's support, he'd kill him before the workers had a chance to start a coup. He approaches the largest Gothic building in the district, the Office Block, wherein Timothy (the CEO), and the managers keep reports of their files. When Forrest enters, all subjects in the lobby bow before the king. He ignores them as he reaches the Block's staircase, the only way to go up. This design is an inspiration of the Needle's construction, and the builders got it down to the exhaustion you feel when you climb the twenty-three floors to the Penthouse, where Timothy sits behind a polished, oaken desk. An enormous, aging tome sits on the tabletop, and when Forrest closes the door, he simultaneously opens the massive journal.

"Ready for the report?" he asks.

"Ready as I'll ever be."

The CEO skims through the torn papers. "Uh… From the mines, we extracted 20 pounds of iron ore, 30 pounds of nickel, 15 pounds of zinc and tin, one ton of aluminum, and countless carts of copper. The workers are continuously smelting them down."

"Excellent. What about gunpowder?"

"There's no shortage; I wouldn't worry about that."

"What's the black lung situation looking like?"

"It's not that bad anymore now that the miners wear masks. Less casualties has to mean we're doing something right. Has Ruth said anything about it?"

"No, I'm going to visit the hospital tomorrow after our meeting to discuss it with her. Staying positive is the key." He stands up and walks over to a mural that overlooks the kingdom. Smiling, he adds, "Echo's pregnant."

"What?" Timothy says, beaming with excitement. "How do you know?"

"Last week, before he went on a supply run, I asked Alexander to steal some pregnancy tests for us."

"Congratulations! Now we have a prince on the way… or a princess."

"Thank you. I'm worrying about her, though."

"Why?"

"She sees how sleepless I am, and she tries staying up with me, but I never let her. She doesn't understand that people cope with leadership in different ways." Leadership. That's what you're calling schizophrenia now. He whispers, "Shut up; I'm talking."

Timothy doesn't notice. "You should tell her that. Does anyone else know about the pregnancy?"

"No. I'm only telling you because I know you're smart enough to stay quiet about it."

"I will; you don't have to worry about it. Ruth's gotta know at some point, though."

"I'll tell her when the time comes."

With that being said, the king leaves Timothy to his work, feeling proud of his accomplishments. Out in the streets, he contemplates telling Echo that he has schizophrenia. Don't do it. It'll only get worse for you. Deep in his soul, he knows she deserves the truth. Suddenly his vision gets blurry, and his thoughts sound like an egg popping on a skillet. His mind turns into a burning film reel, and he heads into an alleyway, away from the crowds. He remembers a time when he was moments away from telling Echo, and the voices gave him insomnia because of it. That doesn't matter; he's tired of feeling like a hollow shell, mentally beaten to a pulp by the foundations of its creator. However, what happens next? Narcolepsy? He stops thinking about this, and he returns to a "normal" state of mind, not having anything else to do for the entire day unless there's an emergency. He heads back to the Throne Room, finding Echo with Alexander.

"Forrest," the general says. "I told her."

Echo intervenes. "Listen to him."

Forrest gives them the floor, and Alexander paces back and forth. "Supplies around this state are scarce; we're not getting anything useful anymore. We have to explore. California might be our solution to this problem, not just for oil, but for discovery. Imagine if we expanded Babylon across the entirety of the West Coast; we'd have an empire. Do you remember how you were when Judas was around? How you dreamt of a better society? How you believed in your idea so much that you're creating it right now? This is my idea. Let me create it."

Goosebumps crawl across Forrest's skin. "You got me there. Alright, I'll let you." He looks at Echo. "What do you think?"

"It's a good idea," she says. "It's the only way we'll be able to progress. The army's well-trained for any possible contingency, so I don't doubt Alexander's capabilities. I believe in him."

Forrest nods his head. "A consensus has been reached."

The general smiles. "I knew you'd come around. I'm planning on taking Barracks 1, 2, and 3, which isn't even half of the army."

"Who's going to lead the others?" Echo asks.

"I'll appoint someone as the temporary leader while I'm away."

When he leaves, the king, looking towards where Alex left, mumbles, "It's not that. I've… kept something from you. It's haunting me." Don't do it, you fucking cunt! We'll invade your dreams until you die, and we'll talk nonstop. You can't hide from us. "I… have insomnia. That's why I stay up constantly." Good. You're not as dumb as we thought you were.

She stands quietly. "I suppose I have something to tell you, too."

He focuses on her voice, and this helps him ignore the voices. "Go on."

"I went insane shortly after the apocalypse. I… created my own world, and I enjoyed it. I don't know how I didn't die; I would hallucinate everyone I loved. I came out of it before I met Merlin, but even after that… I was different. He led me to a cemetery, and I had thoughts of killing him. That's when I knew shit had to change; that's why I supported your idea."

"So… we both have a screw loose."

"I guess so."

The king sits down at the end of the bed. "I don't know why I didn't tell you before. I'm sorry."

"It's okay; this is sensitive shit." She sits next to him, puts an arm around his shoulder, and kisses him. "We rule together."

Smiling, he asks, "Did you finish your job?"

"No, I'm going to see Merlin now. I'll be back before people start going to those Communal Diners."

"Thanks for reminding me of how hungry I am."

Now in the Farmlands, Echo approaches a small, wooden schoolhouse that has an arched roof, and the bell on it dings as the wind blows through the fields of crops and orchards. She opens the front doors, spotting Merlin standing in the middle of the empty building. Along the walls are black and white posters advertising the Monarchy.

"Hello, Merlin," she says, grinning.

"Ms. Ramirez! Like clockwork."

"How was your class today?"

"Good. They really like my chemistry lectures."

"That's fantastic. The smarter they are the more valuable they'll become."

"Yeah. When's the next meeting?"

"Tomorrow. Between you and me, I'm not fond of the subject."

"And that is?"

"Public execution."

Merlin shudders. "Are we really making killing machines an issue?"

"Forrest says it'll send a message."

"A message? What kind of message? That the Monarchy's oppressive?"

"I'm trying to make him see reason."

"Good luck with that. I'm beginning to question him."

"I'll keep that a secret, but if he finds out, he'll associate you with gangs and throw you in the Dungeons."

"It's kinda weird… how we're turning the term 'rebel' into 'gang'."

"It's how he keeps the masses in line. If you associate negative connotations to something, people will stay away from it if it means keeping them safe. It's some type of aversion thing in psychology."

"Damn. I wonder why our journalists don't put that in the newspaper."

"This is for the greater good. Do you remember when we went to the cemetery? We were envisioning a better world, and Forrest is the vessel for that. He gave us the inspiration we needed."

He ponders on this. "Sometimes I feel like he uses me."

"Why?"

"Look around you. I've built most of this city. All the plazas, the arcades, the houses, and the walls are of my design. Hell, even your arm is. I get no credit for it. Here's what's going to happen tomorrow: he'll do his introduction, and then somehow it'll turn into him wanting me to design something that'll harm people. I'm not sure if I'm ready to face that."

"I know you're in a tough spot, but look at what we have. Despite it all, we're still fortunate for accomplishing this."

"I don't know. Maybe I was wrong for joining the colony."

"You weren't. You have no idea how much you helped me during that time."

Merlin smiles. "This is why I like being your friend. You're my only source of sanity in this world."

"The world isn't insane… we are. We will never learn from our mistakes because of our arrogance and greed. That's what got us here."

"So what do you think can get us out of this cycle?"

"Selflessness."

"That's not going to happen."

"Look around you, Merlin. The Monarchy gave you a place to feel safe and secure. We didn't have to do that; we felt like it was our obligation. What's got you in the dumps?"

"I just… feel trapped here. I've built places for families to live, yet I still feel this isolation that I can't explain. Sometimes I feel it right before bed, and that's when it reaches its peak. It just… feels like everyone's at a distance."

"You've just gotta change your perception."

"On what?"

"On everything. The Monarchy, the District leaders, the apocalypse itself. Forrest helped me see it as an opportunity for change. Maybe I can help you see it that way, too."

He walks towards the doors. "I've gotta go to the Market District. Care to join me?"

"I will. I have to get the report from Russell anyway."

"He's not there. He's in the hospital because he got some kind of flu. Ruth's looking after him."

"Who's in his place?"

"Jeremy, but he won't be at the meeting tomorrow. He doesn't feel like he's that important."

Just before dinner, the king finally arrives at Dante's house, his last destination. Knocking softly, the monarch asks if there's anybody home. The door clicks open, revealing a man with a mask of rags covering the face. Eyeholes and a mouth hole are cut into the fabric, but no skin can be seen, as if the poor fellow knows a personal sewer.

"Can I come in?" the ruler quietly asks.

"Go ahead." After the majesty steps in, Dante closes the door. "I know what you're here for. I just want to say that I'm sorry, too."

"Really?"

"Yeah, it was wrong for me to bring it up. I just… thought I was good enough for the inner circle."

"You are good enough; we just don't have the need for anymore people."

"What about Russell? He's barely doing anything; hell, Merlin prefers Timothy over him."

"Dante, don't start it up again. Now, have you seen any gang activity?"

Grunting, he responds with, "Nothing noteworthy."

"Good. Do you want to come with me to dinner?"

"No, I have to catch up on some reading. Thanks for the offer, though."

Smiling, the majesty says, "I'm sorry for being such a goddamn asshole. Trust me, I notice the value of your work."

Dante gestures towards the door. "Go on, your wife needs you."

After she talks to Jeremy, Echo returns to the Needle to get ready for dinner. Although there's a division of labor, it still takes them all day to walk from one place to the next, because that's the sheer magnitude of Babylon. When she climbs all the way up to the Throne Room, she finds Forrest cooking dumplings in the kitchen. The smell is reminiscent of a Chinese café.

"Well, this is interesting," she says, chuckling.

He laughs. "Shut up."

"What are you cookin' Chef Wayley?"

"It's for one of the Communal Diners; they're huge fans of my dumplings. How could I not help out?"

"See? You can be nice. No more self-hatred."

"Stop. It's almost done. Do you need anything before we leave?"

"Just a water bottle. I can't wait to hike all the fucking way back down."

They begin their descent, the evening life of Babylon beginning its cycle below them. Crowds are dwindling down, musicians play on street corners, and the freaks of the kingdom perform circus acts for the curious. Babylonians in the Housing District hang their pennants from their windows, signaling a peaceful day. This stage of the daily rhythm is the most interesting one, because it's almost as if they are in tune with the ominous vibes of twilight. Now is when everyone starts thinking about their past because they have leisure time, and this has a ripple effect on their attitudes as the day continues.

The Monarchy enters a Communal Diner, whereupon its occupants hail them. Once everyone settles down, Forrest puts his dumplings with the rest of the buffet, and everyone lines up for them. The Monarchy get their food and sit at an empty table.

Echo takes their minds off the queer scenario. "Is your opinion on morals changing?"

"No. It's still the same. This is about the meeting tomorrow, isn't it?"

"Public execution? Do you really think that's the right play?"

"We need to show people we're serious about crime."

"Crime prevention is more important than humanitarian prevention."

"How is public execution not a display of crime prevention? Jesus, Echo."

"I'm just saying there're other options here."

"Obey the Monarchy."

"I am the Monarchy. Don't say that shit to me."

"You're right, I was wrong. I'm sorry."

She lets out a dreadful sigh. "Who would do it?"

"I don't know; we'll figure it out tomorrow."

"If we even approve it."

Returning to the Throne Room with full bellies, Forrest notices that for the first time in years, the voices are finally quieting down. However, he takes it as a bad omen, for he knows their only nature is evil. When a man loses control of his sanity, he can't afford to let his guard down, for if he does, it might give way to the other ailments of our collective unconscious. According to Swiss psychiatrist Carl Gustave Jung, we all collectively share unconscious archetypes: the mother, the father, the wise old man, the clown/joker, and other figures of that nature. What Forrest understands is that the voices combine those archetypes in an indescribable way, making him all in one and none at all simultaneously.

Waking up, Echo feels anxious about the meeting. While Forrest gets ready, he notices her acting slow, encourages her to get up by ripping the covers off, thus provoking a groan from the queen. She reluctantly dons her red corset as Forrest grabs his staff, and they leave, holding hands.

They approach Babylon's most creative structure: the Clock Tower, an automatic mechanism powered by steam (of Merlin's design.) Big Ben is the main inspiration behind its aesthetic; other features from Gothic buildings in the kingdom blend into the integrity perfectly.

They enter the building and approach a set of spruce doors within the backmost wall; above their heads are gears, wiring, and other complex creations that make the ticking hands move. Opening the doors, they proceed into a small chamber with the District Leaders sitting at a round table. Windows line the outer walls, allowing the light to create a heavenly atmosphere. The Monarchy take their seats, and the meeting begins.

The king stands up. "This gathering will cover the issue of public execution. We will discuss whether we should implement it into our society. You may now express your opinions."

Echo remains quiet, for Forrest already knows what she thinks.

Merlin is the bravest among them to start things off. "Where are the ethics?"

"It's not a matter of ethics," Alex assures. "It's a solution. The Dungeons are rapidly reaching their capacity, and we need to control the daily influx somehow."

Merlin appears forlorn. "How would we do it?"

The king sternly suggests, "Guillotine. Quick, easy, and powerful. All we need is someone to build it."

Scornful, Merlin responds with, "You only want me here so you can force me to make one?"

Timothy chimes in. "You're not thinking about the bigger picture. You'd be protecting families and children."

A knot forms in Merlin's throat. "I've built this kingdom so people could be safe… I didn't expect to build killing machines."

This bolsters Forrest's sternness. "You are not building 'killing machines'. Do you know what those criminals have done and are still doing?"

Merlin leans back in his seat, scoffing. "Obey the Monarchy."

Bullets suddenly fly through the windows, and everyone falls to the floor. A casing grazes Timothy's cheek, but he survives. They barricade their heads with their hands, covering themselves from falling glass. Shards scratch their backs, but nobody is severely injured. The surprise attack quickly ends, but everyone remains on the floor, fear keeping them there. Taking one for the team, Merlin stands up and approaches a broken window. All the nearby streets are empty, so he exits the meeting room and opens the Clock Tower's front doors, revealing Dante, Forrest's old best friend, standing on the other side. At the site of his bolt-action sniper rifle, he punches the mercenary in the jaw, knowing the true purpose of public execution. Whatever Forrest does now, he fully supports. In the meeting room, Echo has similar thoughts. Long live the king.

Next morning, Dante wakes up in Babylon's cruelest location: the Dungeons. Woeful cries from other inmates leave the burnt man wondering what's provoking them. Could starving rats be eating them alive? Is somebody torturing these criminals? He tries moving, but the chains around his wrists and ankles prevent him from doing so.

It was part of the plan, becoming a scapegoat. However, the agreement came from a sickly curious part of his skepticism. He plans to survive this so he can tell his "gang" about their heinous treatment of prisoners, and when it gets out, it will spark a coup. No civilian has access here because this is hell on earth. His heart drops when his cell door opens, and it drops even further upon Echo's entry. A cold draft floats through the room as she shuts the door. Genuflecting before him, the silence gets so intense that neither can breathe. She looks into his eyes without empathy, and that stare embeds itself in his memory, for the only thing he sees is the last circle of Hell. The mask is off; the Monarchy just plays roles. Shakespeare once said that all the world's a stage, and this moment personifies that truth. His heart rate increases, and the lack of ventilation causes him to sweat; the air feels as if you're in a rotting log cabin in the swamps of Louisiana.

Echo finally speaks. "We know you weren't alone."

Dante stammers. "Think… what you will, but… you know… nothing."

"What do you mean?"

"You think you've got it all figured out. The newspapers, the so-called gangs, the faux presentation of the Monarchy. I know the truth. This is an oligarchy. You're just as transparent as the leaders of the old world."

Echo scoffs. "Do I care? I'm only here to protect my interests, to keep people like you off the streets. Now, tell me who you're working for."

Dante starts laughing maniacally. "Too many to name, and they're dying with me. You can torture me, deprive me of food, or bury me alive. I still won't talk."

After this, Echo leaves the cell and returns to the Throne Room, finding Forrest staring out the window. She tells him about her meeting, and he leaves, knowing what has to be done.

His first stop is Alexander's house, wherein he tells the general to put the California trip on hold. Following this, he heads to the Farmlands and eventually reaches Merlin's schoolhouse. He knocks on them, and the teacher comes out, appearing pale from yesterday's events. They start talking on the porch.

The king states grimly, "I'm going to need your help."

"With what?"

"I need you to make LSD."

"Lysergic-acid diethylamide?"

"Yes. You're the only person with a chemistry background in the kingdom. If you do this for me, I will honor you for everything; I'll build a statue, I'll make Timothy stop hating you, and I'll wipe away all of your guilt."

"No. What happened yesterday got me on your side, but I still think you're using m-"

"If you agree, I will grant you access to leave the kingdom. I will also allow you to create what you want without permission. On top of that, you're free to speak your mind and will not be considered a gangster. You've done so much to help, and this is me giving you… credit."

He stands silently, weighing his options. What outcomes could arise from either scenario? He closes his eyes and nods his head, becoming a hypocrite to his own beliefs. "I need at least three or four weeks to make it."

"What? Why?"

"I need a hazmat suit, ergot fungus from bad rye, and other things. This process takes time, Forrest. Time we don't have."

The king looks up towards the sky, allowing the sun to warm him. "Alright. After this thing is done, those privileges will be yours."

Forrest's next stop is the Hospital, a Gothic piece of architecture resembling the Waverly Hills Sanatorium. Its aesthetics come from the 1940s, a time when mental illness and regular sickness was taken as a joke. Pillars line the outer walls, and corbels jut out from the woodwork. Here, doctors perform queer practices, such as lobotomies, hydrotherapy, and harvesting useful herbs from plants. However, the lack of sterilization allows diseases to breed amongst ignorant patients; once you're inside, you're lucky to make it out. Although the kingdom has a medicine factory, an outbreak of any kind would ruin the Hospital, for medical supplies are the most difficult to manufacture.

The king approaches a receptionist's desk, and behind it stands a blonde woman wearing her hair in a ponytail. Anxiety prevents her from speaking. "Are… are you wanting Ruth?"

"Rachel, how many times do I have to say this? You don't have to be nervous around me."

"I can't… help it. It feels like I'm… talking to a God."

His ego grows with every word. "Thank you; I hope you know I try. The effort's worth it, but yes, I am looking for Ruth. Have you seen her?"

Rachel laughs nervously. "She's in Building B. I'd page her, but I obviously can't."

"We'll get there one day."

The king enters a massive corridor that spans off the left side of the lobby, and the voices speak to him as he passes the patient's rooms. Do you notice how big Echo's stomach is getting? Your baby is about to be born, and she's going to be born under these conditions. She's not going to live past a week! And how many people are dying here right now? If you step into one of these rooms, you might as well sign your life away, not that it was worth anything to begin with. For a split second, he sees his father, Sharron Wayley, standing in one of the doorframes. The father looks back, only to reveal an empty face. Feeling lost, the monarch strolls until he finds Ruth exiting one of the rooms. Upon seeing Forrest, she manifests a grave look.

Concerned, he asks, "What is it?"

"We think there's a Black Death outbreak in Building A. I'll show you."

She leads him into a darker part of the Hospital. Less candles line the walls, an ominous vibe resulting from this. To Forrest, this is just a place where people go to be sick, not to get actual help. Ruth walks up to one of the patient's doors, opens it slightly, and lets Forrest look inside. He analyzes beds with convulsing Babylonians on top of them; black spots, blisters, and rashes cover their skin, and they're practically sweating through their sheets.

Lost in thought, she says, "Lucas' medicine factory won't be able to help with this. We've never had to deal with an outbreak before, and we don't have the supplies necessary to cure these people. If this gets worse… who knows what might happen."

The king exits the space quickly. "I know what to do."

Arriving at the commander's house, Forrest meets him in the living room.

"There's another situation popping up," the messiah explains. "It's putting me in a position where I have no choice but to send you to California. On your way there, you must look for medicine, enough for Lucas to work with."

"If you insist," Alex states. "I'll appoint my friend Heather as the temporary commander. I trust her with everything I know; I've been training her in case of something like this happening."

Forrest scoffs. "You knew I'd give in, didn't you?"

The commander smirks. "I'd get there eventually, and I did."

The king grows quiet, analyzing the ground beneath his feet, thinking about the assassination attempt. That could happen again when the best strategist in Babylon leaves. Stress pushes the monarch to sadness, provoking clear, sparkling tears. As he sobs, the pressures of being a king pour out of him, his breath poking at his heart like pins and needles. Alex places a comforting hand on Forrest's shoulder, not knowing how to fix this. They sit for several minutes in silence; Forrest stops crying and wipes his eyes, figuring these moments in life will happen until the end. Gathering himself, the king starts for the front door, but Alex stops him, calling his name.

"What?" the crown demands.

"Do you know what it feels like to just… wait for something bad to happen so you can prepare for it happening a second time? I know you do; I'm not in the mood for patronizing you. That's all life is: a waiting game. But you don't have to wait anymore, because you know what you need to do next."

Forrest enters the Dungeons through a trapdoor at the bottom of a watchtower. Lighting a lantern, the crypt-like area before him comes to life dramatically. As he passes through corridors of suffering prisoners, the voices talk to him. What're you gunna do to him? Torture? Are you gunna beat it out of him? We know you will, because we'll make you. You're under our control, like you've always been. Your mind is a mosaic of life, and we rule over it. There's nothing you can do. If you kill him, his voice will be in your head, just like the rest of your victims. You hear the people you kill. You hear me, me, and me. You remember who I am; you can see my face. Forrest closes his eyes, remembering his kill count, and he opens them, standing in naked disappointment.

15,349. That's how many of us there are, and that's how many you've killed. You're paying for your crimes, Forrest. It's your fault for not being worth a damn. He gazes into a cell, Dante quivering against the back wall. Upon spotting the king, the inmate spirals into a panic. Do you see how you make people feel? You have no idea the damage you're causing to society. This is not a better world. Forrest wraps his hands around the cell door, opening it slowly. You're so predictable. After closing the door behind him, the monarch genuflects before the rat, staring into Dante's fright, finding nothing else.

"You… you," the trembling Babylonian stammers.

The oppressor stares blankly. "You know the truth."

Dante feels an odd sense of relief. "It's all for show, isn't it?"

"Do you know why I made Babylon a kingdom? It could've been anything else." He pauses, thinking. "It's a kingdom because I needed to put the Babylonians in a society that was known for having terrible education. I keep them dumb, and the population is easier to control. Why do you think we don't have libraries, or churches? They can't know about other philosophies."

"And you're telling me this because you're going to kill me."

The king smirks. "Not yet. Today's your lucky day. We're implementing a public execution system, and you're going to be its first victim. You don't have to be, though. All you have to do is tell me who you're working for."

"I won't talk. If I live, I rot. If I die, at least it'll stop the suffering. I know we used to be friends, Forrest… but time changes with views."

"I always get what I want. After your next meal, or the one after that, you'll be thrown into a state of mind you can't control. Who knows? Maybe the paranoia will be too much for you."

"You're going to drug me?"

"Yes, I have to. I'll never understand people like you. You think you can change things, but you can't." He reflects on who he was before Babylon, and how merciless the world can be when it comes to a change in perspective. "I… I didn't mean for that to come out. I'm sorry."

"You used to be like me, didn't you? You were a rebel."

The king breathes heavily. "The past is the past."

"There's part of you that wants a better world. I've heard stories about you. You know we aren't gangsters. We want exactly what you desired all those years ago. What turned your dream into a… machine?"

Forrest punches Dante. "Don't you dare call my dream a machine! It's nothing like the governments of the old world. Do you really think this place is a dictatorship, an authoritarian state? You're wrong! People are safe here, and you want to take that aspect away. That's why we call you 'gangsters'. Don't worry, in a few years, you'll be known as terrorists. Vernacular also changes with time." Leaving the cell, he adds nonchalantly, "Rot, you swine."

Now alone, Dante's anxiety becomes overwhelming. He can't even trust what he eats anymore; he can't comprehend the web of mind games, either. Babylon's government is an endless maze of contradictions, a pattern with no beginning or end. It's a Monarchy, yet other people have power. It has to be an oligarchy; that's the only logical explanation. He tries labeling the manipulation tactics in his head. Yellow journalism, nationalism, a busy work schedule. A swirl of control, a black hole of selfishness cowering behind a wall of fairness. He feels the dirt of the floor with his toes, the cold earth irritating his burnt skin. This is how it ends for him. After discovering the ultimate revelation, death follows, and the ultimate revelation is one dreadful fact: after fear comes society. The oligarchy is the fear, and they've won.

He remembers a very fascinating concept from the old world: the New World Order. According to this idea, the richest people in the world want to be in control of a society that has one government, language, currency, and religion. Could Babylon be the New World Order? He ponders on this strange connection and wonders if Forrest knows about it. Hell, from their conversation, anything's a possibility. He wonders how mad someone has to be to create this world; he's never known anybody of this caliber. The governments of the old world weren't even this corrupt. Is stopping the system possible?

Another queer thought comes to mind: Babylon's currency, or lack thereof. He who controls the money controls society, but since Babylon has no money, what is its equivalent? The Market District. The Market District is the answer. If the Babylonians boycott trade, they'd stop working, and then the system would collapse. He sits upright. How can he make them boycott the bartering system when they work to trade? How can he make an entire society do this? The government's deception is deeper than what he originally thought.

In the Throne Room, Forrest holds Echo in front of a mirror. His hands rest on her gigantic belly, and they're happy her pregnancy is ending. He feels the baby kick, and warm feelings envelope them, feelings that boil and mix into one word: family. Forrest pulls away, and he kneels by their bed. He grabs hold of something and yanks it out, revealing a birch chest with a steel lock. Removing a key from his robe's pocket, he inserts it into the lock and pulls it apart. After he opens the chest, Echo gasps. Inside are two golden crowns.

"Tomorrow is our 30th anniversary," he starts. "I gave a tip to the metal smiths. There's gotta be some way to constantly fool ourselves into believing what we are… This is how."

That evening, Forrest shows up at Babylon's Gatehouse under his crown. The Gatehouse has two corresponding gates, each on opposite sides of a watchtower's base. They open and close from a pulley system of ropes, which lead from the tops of the gates to an open window near the top of the tower. Whoever's manning it acts as a gatekeeper; the gates themselves are of a light material to make the lift easier.

He gazes through the bars, out towards the Drawbridge, a massive project that spans over Lake Washington, the body of water separating the kingdom from the mainland. He remembers working on it himself, all those years ago, alongside Merlin, Timothy, and the other usual suspects.

Forrest cups his hands, shouts, "LIFT!" and the gates open.

The commander appears from behind the monarch, passing through the Gatehouse. Groups of armored soldiers march closely behind him, carrying swords in scabbards and 1960s assault rifles across their chests. The gatekeeper closes the gates, shutting Alex and the others off from safety.

The days pass quietly in Babylon, and during this time, Merlin works on his project. He wakes up on the first day, gets ready, and heads outside. He makes his way to the Industrial District, envious of the passing crowds. If they find out what he already knows, a revolution would ensue. The interesting thing about knowledge is the more you know, the less you feel because you can't express it without sounding condescending or pretentious. Here lies Merlin's dilemma. He wants to express this information, but Babylon rejects the arts. His only chance of expression is through construction or the Monarchy's needs.

He heads into an alleyway that divides two factories, and he happens upon a metal door at the end of it. He knocks on the door, and the slit near the top opens. When the figure on the other side sees Merlin, the slit closes, and the door opens. Merlin gives the doorman a handshake and progresses inside. This club is home to Babylon's most peaceful secret society: the Lucky Nines. They sit around tables beneath candlelight and play poker, auction off prized possessions, and drink at the bar. This place hides in an abandoned room behind a furniture factory, and it goes unnoticed by the busy manager. Merlin doesn't come here that often, although he wishes he could, for this is the only place in the kingdom where he doesn't feel trapped.

He approaches the bar and sits on a stool, calling over the bartender. She has curly red hair and wears a leather dress.

"Rebecca," Merlin starts. "It's good to see you. I need your help."

Flickering lanterns illuminate her voluptuousness. "Haven't seen you in a while. What's up?"

"The Monarchy… wants me to set up a lab for the kids, and I need equipment."

"What kind of equipment are we talking here?"

"Medical shit. Enough for a lengthy chemical process. I'm talking flasks, machinery you can't even pronounce, and bottles of chemicals."

Rebecca leans forward, her hands pressing down hard. "Lucas is the guy you want. He manages a factory that produces medicine for the Hospital. They're under hard times, but he has everything you need."

"Do you think his factory has a room like this one? Dark, unknown to the public?"

"Maybe. Ask him. His factory's down the road on the left."

He nods his head. "Thank you."

Out on the road, he asks the workers to point him in the direction of the vaccination plant, and he eventually ends up at its front doors. He enters the dark building, the original factory of the Industrial District. Inside, workers in lab coats surround complex, steam-powered machinery; they wear protective gear, a vague reminder of the Centers for Disease Control. He progresses through the building until he happens upon the manager's office and he steps inside. A man with curly black hair and a shaven face paces back and forth nervously, stressing out over some internal affair. He notices Merlin, confusion causing him to stay still.

"Hey?" he asks.

"Are you Lucas?"

"As far as you know."

"I'm Merlin, and I have a proposition for you from the Monarchy."

"The Monarchy? Let me hear it."

"They want you to let me access any spare darkrooms that have machinery. I'm conducting a chemical process."

Lucas chuckles. "What're you making? The cure for cancer?"

"That's between them and me. When I'm done, we can pretend it didn't happen. Remember, Obey the Monarchy."

"You don't have to spout that bullshit; I'd do anything to help them out. I'll give you a tour and set you up with everything you need." He stands up, anxiety-ridden. "There's an outbreak at the Hospital, and we're running out of shit to produce, so I'm sorry if I seem on edge."

The days pass, and Lucas helps Merlin set up his LSD lab. When they're done, Lucas leaves him alone. The teacher dons a hazmat suit, gloves, and he pulls out a bag of ergot fungus he got from the Farmlands. He puts the baggie on a table, sets up his flasks and bottles of chemicals, spreads out countless chemistry notes across the floor, and begins working. Patience is the true element in crafting LSD, mainly because of how much time it consumes. If one thing goes awry, if he exposes himself to any carcinogen, then he's dead. This is a dangerous procedure, and it's important for organic chemists to take it seriously. A major goal of the process is to extract the ergot alkaloids, synthesize them into a molecule called iso-lysergic acid hydrazide, and isomerize it. The isomerization leaves behind iso-lysergic diethylamide, which Merlin isomerizes again to produce active LSD. Although he performs much more difficult tasks, this is a basic gestalt of just one part of the queer project.

During this time, he thinks about his connections. Russell, Forrest, Echo, Alexander, and Timothy. He hates Timothy more than the Monarchy, and this has been going on for years. Every time they converse, the CEO has to own the subject matter, and the teacher can't get a word in edgewise. They only talk about his accomplishments and his pride, something Merlin doesn't care about. They never talk about his problems, it's always about the CEO. He wants to talk it out with him, but Timothy wants no part of it. He doesn't want friendship, he wants attention. This causes tension between him, the District Leaders, and the Monarchy, especially during meetings. He thinks about going to the Monarchy to report this problem, but he knows he can handle it himself; it doesn't have to be a big deal. He can never understand egotistical people, and that personality type has always been his least favorite. Despite this, he carries on working, feeling like a slave. The Monarchy has him under their thumb. Although he supports them, he still questions where his loyalties lie.

This question has no concrete answer, because it changes all the time. If he gets a gut feeling about not trusting someone, he follows it. Guilty until proven innocent, that's his philosophy. In a world like this, is that a bad way of life?

The day after Merlin finishes the process, he leads Echo down into the Dungeons by the light of a lantern. Their sides brush against the jagged walls of the rocky corridor. At Dante's cell, Echo produces a ring of keys from her corset's pocket, and she unlocks the door. Merlin hands her the plate of LSD-laced food, and she proceeds inside. When Dante sees her silhouette, he sits upright, cowering against the cell's wall, rocks digging into his burnt back. He knows today's the day, for someone else usually brings him the pig slob. She gives him a spoonful of the disgusting, unknown food, and he keeps his mouth shut, but she forces it down his gullet. He gags and throws it up, but Echo tries again, not retrieving the spoon out until he swallows. In tears, Dante falls to his side. He regrets being a gangster, and if he survives this, he's going to poison them and slit their necks in their sleep.

When it's done, Echo tosses the plate aside and waits for him to undergo the life changing experience. When you unwillingly drop acid, a bad trip becomes inevitable. What makes the difference between a good trip and a bad trip is your state of mind before it begins. The drug takes about thirty minutes to kick in, and it comes on lightly at first; you begin to hallucinate letters and time waving back and forth, and before you know it, you're thrown into unimaginable realms of thought. How did I get here? Who am I? These streams of consciousness start out calm, but then again, that's how all storms begin.

Dante's vision warps and the jagged rock walls of the chamber feel sharp against his back. Echo's presence brings on the anxiety, a terrible thing to experience when undergoing a trip. The crown she's wearing sparkles, although there's no light source aside from Merlin's lantern. Her eyes sink into her skull, and everything begins melting. Dante feels like he's sitting on thin air, nothing beneath or above him. Gazing at the walls, spiders crawl out of the cracks and spin webs around the inmate. He shakes and sweats, for nothing will ever be the same again. LSD works by changing your perception on the universe, and everything that imagination is manifests itself in reality, causing its user to question everything. Where does the madness of this situation begin? Am I dead? Dante's heart sinks into his chest, for there are no concrete answers to any of the questions he's asking. Aren't all answers just popular opinions? He ponders on the concept of God, an all-knowing, benevolent, omnipotent being. He remembers being a religious man, but life changes, and he lost his faith. Maybe it's for the greater good, because now he wonders if church is a lie. If God is benevolent, how can Hell exist? If Heaven exists, doesn't it sound authoritarian? If you bow down to Him, you get a free pass, but if you have a differing opinion, into the flames you go. Why does it put a barricade on critical thinking? To him, the church is nothing more than a way to control the masses, to give them false hope. People waste lifetimes practicing Western religions like Christianity, and they don't take the time to take a step back and truly examine its doctrine. He doesn't hate religion, he hates the fact that ignorance is bliss. That's why people in the West don't take in any other perspectives; they're content with going to church to listen to a pastor gloat about the beauties of tax exemption.

Echo, taking advantage of his vulnerable state of mind, declares, "Dante, I am God. It's time for you to confess your sins."

Dante's pupils dilate under the darkness, and he whimpers. "I'm… I'm so sorry for questioning You."

"You're going to Hell; it's already decided. However, if you do one thing, I will absolve you."

"What is it?" he begs.

"Give me the names of the people you work with."

His lips quivering, he nods his head, for he's not ready for another fire. "There's an empty house in the Housing District. I meet up with people there on a weekly basis. We discuss ideas regarding the overthrow of the Monarchy. Their names are Oliver Paterson, Lewis Vance, Sandra Williams, and Paula Edwards. We make up our society, the School of Athens."

"Are there any other 'gangster secret societies'?"

"Yes, but I can't recall how many or the names. I'm only into my own group and its desires."

"Thank you. I have to go now. Enjoy the trip."

"Wait," Dante pleads. "I believed in him, you know. But he never gave me a chance. I got jealous, and my ego took over." Gritting his teeth, he adds, "This place is going to fail without good minds. I know who's in the inner circle, and I know that mirror you guys have… is cracking. One day, somebody worse than me will have my gun and my beliefs." His expression decays into a glare. "They'll just know how to use the gun better."

Out in the corridor, Merlin holds a blank list.

"I got the names," she says.

"I feel like shit," the teacher states, holding the lantern to Dante's cell. "Look at him."

Echo rests a hand on his shoulder. "Don't feel like that. You're helping us. I'm sorry." She hugs him. "It's okay. I'm still here for you. This is for Forrest; he's protecting his dream."

Merlin pulls away. "You're justifying a maniac."

"No, I'm justifying a king."

Two uneventful weeks pass, and on the morning of the fifteenth day, Dante wakes up to a dreadful realization: his time is running out. Revolution is impossible at this point; the manipulation has been around for three decades, god damn it. The only thing he's grateful for is dying with the truth.

His cell door opens, and Forrest enters. The monarch silently stands over the prisoner, establishing dominance. Dante is the dog, and the king holds the leash. Forrest yanks the prisoner to his feet, chains clanking with every movement. He leads the jailbird outside, into the blazing sun. Crowds of Babylonians line the streets, watching the event from all angles. They wear a wide range of nasty expressions, and some throw rotten food at the burnt man.

Arriving at the Needle's base, a guillotine awaits Dante's fate. Timothy and Echo stand behind it, knowing today will change things. They pry the rat from Forrest's hands, positioning the burnt man beneath that merciless blade, death just minutes away.

Forrest stands in front of the device; Echo hands him his staff, and he hoists it into the air, shouting to the crowd, "This is a message to every gangster: We know who you are, and your time is nigh! This will be the first of many executions because of your recent behavior! We will not be forgiving! You come here, and you fuck everything up! Not anymore! Now is the time to stand, to protect nationalism!" The crowd cheers; he gestures back to Timothy. "Pull it."

The gunsmith forces a lever, and the blade falls.

Dante screams, "The Market District-"

It slices through his neck, and the tumbling head arouses cheers from everyone, including the children.

Elsewhere, Merlin rests in his house, alone, lying numbly on his back. He examines the hay roof, lost in some realm of transparency. A half-empty bottle of Hennessy sits on his bedside table. Every sip he takes reminds him of Judas' alcoholism. Dark circles line the undersides of his eyes; he hasn't slept in three days because of this never-ending guilt. His intelligence is now harming people; it's literally destroying their lives. He finds himself caught between a rock and a hard place. His mother looked like a rotting potato during her last stages of cancer; if there's anything that describes how he's feeling, it's that. The Monarchy is draining him, and he can't fight back. He considers leaving Babylon, but knows he can't survive alone, for the isolation will lead him to depression, and then suicide. He needs people; he needs a social outlet.

Scoffing, he whispers in a voice bringing death to hope, "Obey the Monarchy? Fuck the Monarchy."