ARTIST: J.R. Mason
ALBUM: Babylon's Final Hours
CHAPTER: IX - The Babylonian War (Part 2)

The day opens calmly upon the remains of an old world. A strange mixture of peace and truth rings throughout the quiet atmosphere. Echo and Merlin conquer it together in 1952, experiencing the hottest summer of their lives. Droughts make it hard for water to come by; rivers and ponds evaporate quickly into the atmosphere. A defaced road sign comes into view, reading: the Acolytes' message survives anything. Keeping their bloodied melee weapons close, the pair presses on into a weary existence. They find that the closer they get to Seattle, the more questions they have. Merlin jokes about turning around, but Echo urges him on.

They hide out that night in an abandoned gas station.

Echo does her best to distract them from heat stroke. "When I was younger, I had a typewriter. It was this stupidest little contraption, but I still remember using it to this day. The way the ink came out in this brisk, jet black color… the thoughts my mind had… it brought me back to the simple times. Those days when all we have to worry about is getting another cartridge of ink for a clumsy typewriter… those days are why we're alive right now."

"And you're telling me this because…?"

"You've been questioning your existence; I can tell. Don't doubt yourself, Merlin. You do all these things with your life that nobody else has done. When someone like you starts questioning their meaning, you will lose that spark you have one day because of what you end up telling yourself. That you're worthless, nothing, and that there's no value to life."

"What the fuck does that have to do with a typewriter?"

"I doubted my writing."

Merlin's heart sinks. "How can someone not question their existence today?"

"I know it's hard, especially with what we've been through, but every step we take gets us closer to Washington."

"What if the rumors aren't true? What if there's nothing, or what if it fell already?"

"That gives us every reason to check. We might find Shangri-La, or something else. Either way, we can't pass up this opportunity."

He glances towards the gas station's front doors. "Have you seen any infected?"

"No… I'm starting to see less and less of them."

"I can't wait for the day they starve themselves out."

"You think that's actually possible?"

"Those things are hijacked by whatever the Vietcong cooked up. Even the corpse of a soul can't stumble around forever; it's only a matter of time before nature takes everything back."

"That's when we rebuild civilization."

Merlin laughs. "Civilization. If you ask me, we deserve this. We did this to ourselves. War, greed, propaganda… the end was bound to happen. Do you want to know what Russia would've done to us after the EMP? We're lucky."

"Do you really have the audacity to say something like that?"

"No. It's just what I feel. On the contrary, I think looking to the bright side is a strength."

Echo remembers a night she went to a Denver club with her old boyfriend. Jefferson Airplane was playing, and people were using all kinds of illegal substances ranging from light hits from blunts to long lines of cocaine. She didn't partake in such activities; she believes in the medical possibilities, but disagrees with the recreational, regular intake. One's brain can only take so much, and when foreign substances bombard it on a daily basis, it's as if you're destroying a temple. This philosophy has kept her safe so far, but on this night, it proves to her that even such strong thoughts share glimpses into their fallacies.

At the bar, her boyfriend sits down next to her. "This guy was selling a jar of liquid acid for twenty. I stole it when he wasn't looking."

Awestruck, she replies, "Acid? Are you kidding me? Why would you do that?"

"I wanted us to try it."

"How will you drive home, let alone be ready for school tomorrow?"

"Come on, we won't take a lot. We'll micro-dose."

"No." She stands up. "I'm going to the bathroom. You can have my drink when it's done; I don't want it anymore."

Instead of going to the bathroom, she exits the club, alone in the city. She shivers as the autumn winds pass through the surrounding mountain ranges. From her perspective, society looks like an unstoppable force, even with everything that's going on right now. If she doesn't want to be a writer, she plans on attending college for political science. She wants to improve foreign relations; every time she ponders on her motives, she scoffs. A woman will never be president. Sexism today will forever remain a staple in the government's ideology. As disappointing as it is, she transforms it into a compliment to gain some comfort from this situation. If the country falls, at least it won't be from the hands of her gender.

Despite the current state of the world, a calm feeling befalls her. The journey home is long, but relaxing. A few blocks away from the club, she passes an alley, where an abrupt force knocks her to the ground, out of the trance. Blood oozes out either nostril, and a taste of metal lingers on her tongue and broken teeth. She spits out crimson globs, gazing up at the attacker through hazy vision.

"What're you doing out here all by yourself?" a shadowy figure hisses. "You did this to yourself. What kind of girl would go out unaccompanied by a man?" He wields a rusty pipe, trapping it against the palm of his free hand.

She stammers, "I-I do have a man."

"Oh yeah? Where is he?"

"He's at his car right now, and he's coming back for me. Your best course… would be to turn around."

The attacker laughs hysterically. "Do you really expect me to believe that bullshit? I've been watching you since you left the club, hell, I was even there. Your boyfriend stole my drugs."

She swears to herself. "Why didn't you beat his ass? Why do I deserve this?"

"Because I have a feeling that you can't reason with someone like him. I mean, if he treats everyone else's shit like it's his, why don't I do the same?"

"Would you do this to other girls?"

Raising the pipe, he replies, "I have."

Echo's boyfriend arrives at the scene, tackling the delinquent. She screams, crawling into the darkness and watching as her high school sweetheart saves a life. This is what every man should do for the woman he loves, if the situation ever calls for such actions. The fight, however, takes a grotesque turn. The drug dealer gets a jump on her boyfriend, pulling out a pistol and pinning the boy's head to the ground. Echo shrieks, causing the drug dealer to press down on the trigger. A blast rings throughout the alleyway, and Echo collapses in tears. Smiling, the attacker drops the pistol, grabbing the pipe. He beats the girl for several minutes, leaving her a bloody mess for the ambulance he calls. Disappearing into the night, Echo falls unconscious.

The next morning, she wakes up in a hospital. Daylight shines through the windows, and a heartbeat monitor vibrates from a machine next to the bed. Bruises and bandages cover her arms; IV tubes transport blood and fluids throughout her body, keeping the stability alive. She feels more like a machine than a human, but in the end, isn't that how things always turn out?

Why did she have to go to that club? She usually never attends those kinds of events, but that night, something about it made her want to go. Was it because her boyfriend was destined to die in all the versions of his life, like some entity unanimously agreed with itself? She can almost hear it whisper, it's written in stone; there is no stopping what's going to happen. Recently, her life has been like a snowball that rolls infinitely down a mountainside. It grows with every rotation, ending up as a size similar to a boulder. To her, the snowball represents an endless pressure from an unknown source. On the surface, everything is going fine, but in her mind, a storm over the ocean grows into a hurricane. She quietly wonders if anybody else has this problem as she stares into the great void before her.

She realizes her parents aren't here. No sign of her mother, father, or siblings. What made them stay home? Perhaps the reason stems from their disappointment, neglect, or some unforeseen wisdom the forces of nature prevent her to detect. The nurse doesn't come in the entire day, and she's alone for the entire night. Here, she doubts her existence. How could someone be so forgotten by society? Would the world be any different if she weren't in it? All her life, it's been a domino effect of bad events. Her parents' divorce, the youngest sister getting kidnapped, and the old house burning down. It's like the universe won't let her take a breath. One second, she begs. One second without all these memories, that's all I want.

In the gas station, she sits against empty shelves, tossing a flashlight back and forth in her hands, the same one she found in the police station. It's funny to think how such a simple object can save someone's life. Way before flashlights, all cavemen had were fires. Imagine the amount of time it would take to prepare one if you didn't know what you were doing. Life began with science, and it ended the same way. To her, the apocalypse is the gateway to a clean slate.

Now, lifetimes later, she finds herself cowering behind the walls of a cement bunker, asking questions similar to those after the night club incident. Why did she join the war when all she does is kill? After leading several innocent people to their deaths, she wonders if she's just as bad as Forrest. Codependency is a damn mess; it forces you to rely on someone else for happiness, love, and acceptance. Why did God do this to her? If He is so loving, shouldn't he offer her at least a pinch of mercy?

The queen's eyes widen upon remembering a revelation. "Your consciousness… creates… reality."

She doesn't have to remain under Forrest's control. Their relationship started with a death; what kind of love story is that? Will she really be able to distribute these memories unto Alice in the future? At this point, she figures a bullet is the only thing that can put an end to this madness.

Outside their hideout, the infected continuously pound on the door, their weight breaking it off its hinges. The Babylonians stand by their queen, ready for a fatal fray. Instead of feeling weakness, Echo climbs to her feet, newfound energy spreading throughout the veins of a brittle soul. Raising her sword, she moves to the front of the congregation, over to the entrance. Wrapping a hand around the knob, she twists it, allowing their enemies a breach.

The first puddle of blood forms within milliseconds; crimson liquid covers the room within the course of ten minutes. Echo remembers her conversation with Merlin at the gas station. The advice she gave him was meant for this moment. Overcoming doubt is the only way to survive in this world; it serves as guidelines on how to make it to the next sunrise. When you wallow in your own self-destruction, what good does it do? What advantages do such toxic mindsets bring into your life? The queen thinks about this as the fight continues.

At some points, the infected push the Babylonians against the walls. In those moments, their combined strength shoves the hordes back. The room ends up looking like the aftermath of a concentration camp liberation; the atmosphere surrounding them makes it feel like the Russians are right around the corner, ready to save the allies. In this world, Echo compares Ignatius to Hitler. Using this analogy, she comes to the conclusion that she is the one who should bring him down. What he did to Merlin is enough of a reason to her. Forrest justifies who he kills with this same philosophy. The road she's going down reminds her of an old hatred for hypocrisy. The more she tries to escape the king, the more she ends up sinking down into a bottomless well. This war will either make or break her future. No matter how hard she tries, her gut instinct implores the girl to do what's right. How can she know what's right in this situation? What choice is identifiable? The king's face appears when her eyes close; every time she swings at a predator, Forrest's head replaces the one her blade decapitates.

The motivation she feels morphs into anger. The Babylonians use this to struggle into the trenches. They stomp over their friends' bodies, stumbling towards the access stairs. An endless swarm surrounds them; it droops out of the walls, over no man's land, and consumes the lives of brave forces. The queen doesn't let this bother her anymore. It's a waste of time, feeling survivor's guilt. Negative thoughts loop in your head as if you're on some cosmic carnival ride. Dead end conclusions, self-destructive habits. She wants her life to change, and she'll do anything in her power to make it happen. A crown will never prove somebody's in charge; only actions matter.

Doubt has always been a fleeting demon in her subconsciousness. In dreams, she represents herself as a dandelion. As these sequences progress, the dandelion dies, because that's what it's supposed to do. Her doubt is the stem, and she is the petal. Doubt creates her codependence; it drains her of being a person the universe forgot.

She remembers going to a haunted house with her old boyfriend one Halloween. When the walkthrough began, she instantly took hold of his arm. This is a perfect example of how far her codependency has come. Every time she ponders on that moment, she wonders if it's the world's way of saying, "I know who you are, and who you'll always be." During this fight, she realizes the easiest method of overcoming this issue is to let it go. It took the lives of brazen men for her to understand this. Yet she walks.

Dread replaces circulating trains of thought. Is this her only purpose now, watching voiceless names die before her? Brutality is a poor word for describing these events, but it's a start of grasping something incomprehensible. Will anybody remember this day two years from now? Does it trigger hidden demons within her ranks? The more she kills, the more a persistent numbness consumes her soul.

"Get the king, end the war. Get the king, end the war." This truth repeats itself in Heather's mind as if it's on an infinite reset. It latches onto her soul as they destroy acolyte camps, hidden behind dense foliage. They're the only obstacles, and they become nothing more than a minor nuisance. With every step, San Francisco gets closer; that's all the Babylonians care about. The less cultists there are, the better. The knights encounter some camps at night, sneaking into tents and stabbing their sleeping occupants. It seems with every action, the Babylonians descend into emptiness. By the end of this, will they all turn from victims into criminals? Will poetic justice be their greatest fear?

Justice. That damn word slithers into the commander's thoughts like how syrup flows into the depressions of a waffle. It leaves a bad taste in her mouth; anybody who has the audacity to even think about such a concept should walk off a cliff. The Babylonian dungeons prove justice is dead. The only thing she disagrees with Forrest on is the concept of law. To her, a society as large as Babylon shouldn't be under a singular, "Obey the Monarchy" policy.

Their attempt at hunting down Ignatius and Marisa turns into an inescapable game of cat and mouse. With every camp the Babylonians destroy, the further away their main targets become. How can the pair move around that fast? Is it strictly because of their importance, or is it merely pure skill? It's like they seep through cracks, akin to how light floods into a room from fissures in the rotting boards on some empty window. Are they wasting valuable time? What else should they even be doing?

Heather thinks about her speech after the battle at the Fort. "No prisoners." She can't understand why those words shot out as if they're air. No breaks, pauses, or second takes. One with humanity should hesitate before speaking such deadly words. She didn't feel anything besides acceptance. This is what you have to do to protect your people. The lengths you must travel define who you are. Today, one's mind is as broken as one's heart. What you experience changes you; everyone understands this truth at the core of its definition. We are a rare species, able to be consciously aware of our own death. Facing this daily, they can't afford a moral compass anymore. Today, a compass gets you lost.

Is honor obligatory when the cause is costly? What's the exact root of evil, and if money is, why do we stop ourselves from eradicating it? Escapism is the art of distracting yourself from existentialism. Could this conflict be a symptom of that truth? Is war really a necessary choice when peace always prevails? A thought passes in Heather's mind: we aren't meant to kill each other. We are a social species; the core of our collective subconscious thrives from this.

When we didn't have guns, we fought with fists. Evolution works in countless ways, from different, modern versions of technology all the way to how we interact with each other. It doesn't just entail one genera turning into another via missing link; it's natural growth. The world vibrates on microscopic waves, and the theory of evolution is part of it. War is proof of moral devolution, which implies evolution to being a law in the first place. A sense of nationalism drives this conflict into deeper territory. Pride cometh before the fall. To Heather, the only thing nationalism can do is make things worse for the Babylonians. At a disadvantage, their cockiness will bring the acolytes' wrath down upon them. Heather knows they will silence the knights' voices, so whenever she sees an act of patriotism, she stops it. The commander implores them to be mature, to die quietly with dignity.

Dignity. Another word that shouldn't exist anymore. In conflict, one must separate themselves from dignity and altruism if they want to survive. It goes hand in hand with innocence; the difference between them only apparent through the perspectives of their creators. It takes a certain kind of person to kill another, and when outside circumstances push you to that point, there is no turning back from a person darker than yourself. However, is killing really bad when you do it to protect the ones you love? Is that guilt trip just part of the human experience? Taking the life of someone else is a divine sin in the eyes of the public, but when the public doesn't understand a simple act of self-defense, does that make you a killer or a savior?

She feels lost as the day progresses. The Babylonians act as if they're wandering in circles, except they're moving forward. March down the path, screams a distant whisper. No pain, no gain. During the Revolutionary War, Washington trudged through the harshest winter of that time period, barefoot. If they could do that and win, the Babylonians can do anything. Nothing is more motivating than hope, albeit it's only a pinch.

A secondary goal becomes stealing supplies from the fallen. The knights end up calling this walk the "Trail of Tears". Andrew Jackson would've been proud of them had the acolytes been Native Americans. Are there any true, good people anymore? Are the cracks in our modern perspective of morality getting too wide? What's empathy to an inoperable tumor of apathy? Man has been stealing from one another since Sumer, but for some reason, this action drives the Babylonians further into their infinite numbness. No honor, no glory. Only survival.

What causes someone to take the life of someone else? What causes the criminal to go on a murder spree, regret thrown out the window as if it's trash? If you kill someone during war, does that make you a bad person? Who gives life to these rules, or is it just a mere social construct, void of any concrete law?

The weather decays into a nightmarish howl from Boreas. It disorients both parties, slowing them down at unnecessary intervals. The environment becomes an almost impossible obstacle to overcome. People get sick; they have to be put down. Desperation drowns any sense of relief. We don't know the power of that word until the universe forces us to face it. The emotion comes on slowly, a clock slowly ticking backwards. When the bomb goes off, it does so when you least expect it to. Contingencies fail, backup plans are thrown out a window into the nothingness from whence they came.

The game lasts for several days. God doesn't know when to stop. God probably might not have the controller in this one. When something like war happens, what role does God play? Is He the controller or the observer? Why does the concept of an alternative perspective frighten so many people? Does God's love blind them? If God was so loving, wouldn't He want to stop the hate, the murder, the destruction? Why does God seem to make people so closed-minded? The more everyone thinks about this, the more they lose faith in their beliefs, even the acolytes. However, the fear of Ignatius finding out forces them to find excuses to keep going.

Swords dance against bare throats, slicing them as if they're as thin as a piece of paper. The Babylonians feel like they're winning, and this realization pushes Ignatius and Marisa to the finish line. The only goal is getting to San Francisco's airship facility. The blitz on Babylon will be the final phase of this horrific chapter. Why do they feel so uncertain when they're ahead of the knights? What could possibly scare them now, what exactly are they running from? The Israelites wandered the desert for 40 days and 40 nights. Ignatius and Marisa begin feeling like that, lost in their own minds.

They barely speak to each other as time passes. Nothing of their relationship, no bonding. Why should they have the time to do those things? A terrible part about war is that it isolates you, even though you're right next to someone. When you focus on living, especially winning, there is no leisure time. Rest loses itself in the aftermath of confronting true survival.

There seems to be two sides of communication during conflict. Orders, and whispers. When a private has a different opinion than the sergeant, the social construct is for the private to keep his mouth shut, to dismiss his individuality. When you first go to prison, guards use this same philosophy to keep inmates in line.

Death becomes normalcy, an acceptance. This is when war peaks. Exhaustion adds to their desperation, which only makes both parties fight harder. The orchestra of good and evil intertwines with a morsel of peace. Even in conflict, the moment is peace because you're alive. When you have to live presently just to make it to the next second, you know you're breathing. Air becomes as valuable as our currency. Keep your eyes open, keep your chin up. Cling on to a branch of positivity if it'll save your life. All of these confusing ideas and revelations mean nothing in the bigger picture, but they mean something now.

Appreciating the small things becomes a last resort for sanity. The Babylonians feel grateful for every second they exist. They feel like an empire will come from these ashes, but Heather smites those who speak those things out loud. She still believes that nationalism is their enemy, that the only way to win is through a bittersweet victory. The ends of wars always leaves one side in humiliation, like Germany after World War 1. If the Babylonians win, she doesn't want to do that. She doesn't want to rub it in their faces; instead, she wants to show the kingdom grow. Perhaps one day, she can assimilate the acolytes into Babylonian culture.

Wishful thinking. That's all it is. The smell of violence brings her back into reality. There is no escaping the truth that the acolytes will never change, that their evil sticks to the world like glue. Genocide slowly becomes an option, but she doesn't want to be as bad as Forrest. If they end up conquering San Francisco, how will Babylon change? What if they fail, just like how she failed at the Siege?

Heather imagines two possible scenarios. One, Forrest forces them to give up their democracy for the Monarchy. Two, the acolytes win and do the exact same thing. Ignatius is exactly like Forrest, ruling over society with iron fists. What happens when one side suddenly overcomes the other? Does it prove that balance is nonsense, or that the scales tip in their own favor sometimes? Is it really lucky to survive this kind of situation when mental illness becomes a symptom? People weren't born to kill one another; that's why soldiers returned home from the Western Front with shell shock.

Empathy fizzles down like the wick of a burning candle. Mercy is comparable to the acts of a jester. The cold hours fly by within the winds of blizzards. If draining someone of perspective was possible, this is how you could do it. The Babylonians lose many ranks, Heather feeling every last blow. Outwardly, she exudes an emotionless facade, void of any compassion. Her experience turns the commander into a different version of herself. Before this, she would have been humane. Now, all she holds is contempt.

Contempt towards what, someone Forrest told us to hate? The flashbacks from Pittock surge through distant, evil memories; this is personal now, even after Brandon's death, after their win at Portland. No amount of victory can replace the guilt. No amount of luck can overcome everlasting sorrow.

War breeds death; it's the centerpiece of life's show. Humans have been fascinated with conflict since the beginning of time. What was once fought with sticks and stones is now fought with blades and munitions. It retains its natural characteristics, especially after the end of civilization. To survive, one must fight to the edge of sanity. The edge. That threshold between reality and madness. A conflict as large as this one pushes its victims to this terrible, unforgivable place. The edge is a region where comprehension goes to die. It's a soft fog that falls over your perception of existence, a mindless, aimless state of being. When something finally pushes you over, when that telltale gale strikes where you stand, there's no turning back. Some call this the deep end, the pressure of the situation drowning and choking you out.

Wherever that abyss lies, Heather is certain that her soldiers are close to that point. When the mirror starts cracking, when the well fills up, what can she do? How will everyone react to her actions? What kind of guilt rests on the other side of one single decision? Love can't be the end to this fight. The only thing that can come out of it is balance. What pushes society to the breaking point isn't the government, it's the people not resisting it. But what good can come of a revolution, especially when Heather supports the Monarchy? Why are these events making her face these thoughts? Purely because of simple exposure, she falls victim to an unhealthy cycle of overanalyzing her philosophies. However, she retains an appearance and attitude of a respectful leader.

Broken scenes flash before everyone's eyes as if the fissures in civilization form at its seams. The Babylonians finally reach Eureka, California after a week of chasing down faces the knights have yet to see. Heather's challenging internal battle takes its internal toll. A turn for the worst occurs when she kills a sixteen-year-old acolyte. The moment unfolds right outside of the city, during an ambush. The knights storm a camp, disarm and drag everyone out of their tents, and the commander forces them to their knees. In the line-up, the boy whimpers and sobs, begging for mercy. Heather, remembering what she said after the Fort, forces herself to remain consistent. She justifies this by referring back to the Civil War, when fourteen-year-old children marched at the front lines with drums and trumpets, commemorating their inevitable demise. This is the first teenager she's seen, and she figures Ignatius placed him here on purpose to test her morality. Whether it be paranoia or a simple want, she gives the all-clear, turning away as a knight decapitates the teenager.

War brings you to the face of immorality and humanity. The division bell rings like the chimes of a clock at noon. Nothing seems to put this fire out, and Heather doubts a simple, risky attack on San Francisco will work. She crosses her fingers and prays for extra help, not wanting to succumb to any brutality. Struggling to think of a better future, the commander distracts herself by focusing on the present moment. This-ness is all that's here. Your beliefs don't define who you are, because this is where the truth is. Sometimes, it can be terrifying; others, fulfilling. Only you can decide how you react to it.

She doesn't know why things are the way they are. It feels like the conflict's taking place on a continent colder than Antarctica. Temperatures continue to drop, and people begin suffering from hypothermia. Amputations resulting from frostbite becomes commonplace, and hunger continues to be an unstoppable obstacle.

The commander reminisces on her childhood, everything she took for granted. Heather could be rude sometimes, especially when defending something she's passionate about. If she's going to die, she might as well remember who she was. Memories from an old Prom night come back to her, a defining moment in a young life. Her friends didn't go, but she did. She met a boy by the name of Dennis, an aspiring jazz musician. That night, she felt love for the first time. Not a love where lust plagues its meaning, a true feeling of a passionate heartbeat. The music drowned out of existence as they danced together, the theme of the night being Ancient Rome. People wore togas and let go of the worries of tests and homework. She misses those simple times, moments where anxiety seemed nonexistent.

She doesn't remember her mother well anymore, for good reason. Narcissism infested within the mentally disturbed matriarch, infecting Heather's life for decades. When she moved out, she broke connection completely, living on her own from fifteen onward. At times, she felt guilty for not being happy with what she had. Her past consumed her until she eventually found a therapist, finally letting herself confront many private demons. Her dad was a scientist, developing the A-bomb during the Manhattan Project. He would come home some nights, too tired to stand up. He believed in what he did, and looking back at his work, she feels as though she needs to do the same thing, not for herself, but for her people. Somehow, she has to be altruistic to forget a bad mindset. Somehow, she needs to overcome this.

Back at Babylon, a bloody Echo walks over the kingdom's drawbridge, alone. The guards upon the wall-walks notice this, dread consuming them. Friends, families, mothers, fathers, all gone besides the queen. Echo doesn't know how to feel, walking through the gatehouse. Shame? Why should she when they were the ones who sacrificed themselves; they did it of their own volition. Silence rings through the empty streets as she approaches the Space Needle. Citizens peer from curtains, the same revelation hitting them like an atomic bomb. In the Throne Room, she stands in front of a mirror. The queen raises scissors to her hair, glaring at the reflection. The next ten minutes are spent cutting every inch of it off, zero all around. It takes a few moments to get used to this change; she forces herself to accept it. Gazing down at her prosthetic hand, the new look makes it seem as if she's straight out of a comic book. Now a true acolyte, the queen leaves the room, making a beeline for the Bell Tower.

After gathering everyone together, she makes one fatal, final speech. "Sun Tzu once said, 'To defeat your enemy, you have to become your enemy.' That's what we have to do to win. That anger you feel right now, that betrayal… we must use it to our advantage. We have to make this sacrifice for the future of Babylon. Banding together to put an end to this should be our main goal; we can't waste anymore supplies or time. Your consciousness creates your reality… wouldn't it be better if we made one without the acolytes? If you're a true knight, if you believe in Babylon like I do, join me. This will be our last stand."

Cheers put an end to the infinite silence, reverberating off the edges of reality like how echoes bounce from one side of a ravine. The equilibrium between good and evil reveals itself at this moment. They all accept the queen's ideas, her demands. The Babylonians are forever under Forrest's spell, and she had to do it in order to retain public support. The queen turns away, knowing she has to put an end to his madness.

That cold night, Echo walks through the now-empty gun factory. She disregards the floor below, its machinery forgotten. With no materials, what can anybody do? Why would they waste their time coming to work when they could be protecting their families from starvation?

Arriving at Timothy's office, she lets herself in. A baby cries in the gunsmith's hands as he cradles it back and forth.

"You're still here?" the queen asks.

"A man should honor his work." Glancing up, he ganders at the bald head. "What… made you do that?"

"It doesn't matter. We're doing a final attack on San Francisco. This didn't go like how we thought it would…"

"Is there anything I can do to help?"

"You're taking care of Alice; you're doing more than you can imagine."

Timothy hands the queen her baby. "You know, I saw you when you first walked in… I can't comprehend what you went through. For what it's worth, thank you, for everything. If it wasn't for the Monarchy, a lot of us probably wouldn't have met each other."

She decides to keep quiet about her revelations. "Community is at the heart of civilization."

"When's the last time you saw Forrest?"

"Before he left for Portland… I'm assuming things went bad over there, too… I can't believe he thought they would abide by his deal."

"Is there an argument coming?"

"What do you think?"

"I just want you to remember that what affects the Monarchy affects the people. You've always been a better listener than him; you understand what I mean."

Echo looks into Alice's eyes. "Do you think this place would… operate more efficiently under a different style?"

"No, we'd be worse under anything else. Don't doubt yourself, Echo. Do you know where that shit can lead you?"

The queen spaces out, the word "doubt" triggering several unpleasant memories from her travels with Merlin. She doesn't know what to make of this situation anymore. When the lines between good and bad are drawn this thin, could morality and immorality be nothing more than an illusion? Humanity is a concept long dead to this world; civilization doesn't mean anything more than a large group of people living together. Is community really at its heart of it, or is it at the deathbed after realizing society's self-cornering nature? However, if that's the case, does that mean there's a chance for them to come back from this?

No matter how hard the Babylonians try, the world still seems to break down before them every single day. There has been no moment for rest; everyone is either scared or brave. Facing the end of existence takes its toll on their psyches. What kind of world is going to emerge from these ashes? Who's going to be the one to clean up the mess, to get that rotten smell out of all the carpets in all the houses?

With every step they take, wrong decisions push them two steps back. The failure at the national park and the presumed failure at Portland brings Echo to this conclusion. A deep anger festers within her, and she directs it towards Forrest. For this single instant, she becomes aware of his manipulation. For this one blink of truth, she faces it with open eyes. He is not right for her; he never was, and he will never get better. The queen realizes that in order to correct an immaculate imbalance, one must restore justice to it. How can she with a situation this big? Putting a pin in the thought, Echo figures she'll cross that bridge when she gets to it.

She wonders how bad people get away with what they do. It astounds her how long it had to take to notice Forrest's true nature. How did Castro come down from the mountains, only to end up controlling an entire nation? How did Kim Jong-il manage to retain power when he despises everyone who follows him? Forrest is just another version of this archetype. If the Devil tempted you with an irrefutable offer, would you place your bets if it got you what you desire the most?

The queen lays her baby back down in the crib. "You don't have any room in your house?"

Timothy scoffs. "Leave an infant around gun schematics, shells, and models. Sounds good to me."

Echo rolls her eyes. "I was just curious."

"Speaking of curiosity, what's our next move going to be?"

"We're moving out tonight; all of us."

"So, I'm going to be alone with her?"

"Only for a few days. How much formula do you have left?"

"Enough."

"Good. You really don't know how much help you give us."

He smiles. "It's my pleasure. What are you going to do about Merlin?"

She tilts her head in confusion. "Don't you hate him?"

"Yes, but I sure as hell don't want him on their side."

"We're working it out… Forrest or Heather is going to do something about it."

Timothy closes his eyes, leading Echo to the pathway outside the door. He gestures down to the empty spaces below, machinery locking itself in a messy fog of the present moment. "It took us three weeks to run out. We don't have the Mines anymore, not since the collapse. We were always running on red, but now… we are on red. It's a weird feeling, being on the other side for once. We thought we could do anything, but look." He points to the barren equipment. "Men used to respect your law, your one request over thousands of civilians. You wanted them to obey, and they did. What you need to do… is make the acolytes obey."

That same night, in San Francisco, Merlin wakes up in the Presidential Palace to the sound of glass breaking. Fear drags him to the bedroom's door, and he locks it quietly. Taking deep, sunken breaths, he hides underneath the bed. Distant footsteps bounce off empty walls, and the clicks of locks precede the creaks of opening doors. A storm rages outside, lightning bolts illuminating pitch-black nooks and crannies with a holy, electronic aura. Whoever's skulking through the halls arrives at Merlin's room. Attempting to open it, the intruder grunts at the lock on the other side.

Merlin takes a sigh of relief at the pause of brief silence. Suddenly, it comes crashing down on him as the perp kicks down the door. Wooden panels clatter to the floor, and Merlin lets out a yelp. The silhouette of the figure genuflects before the bed, peeking beneath it.

"Thank God," exclaims a familiar voice.

The former Babylonian's heart races. He emerges from his hiding place and climbs to his feet. "What… how did you get in here?"

The king readjusts the straps on his rucksack. "Your letters didn't mention a sewage system."

"We abandoned that project weeks ago; is that really all it took?"

"Most of your guards are out fighting my people. There's not much security."

"They're not my guards; I'm still a Babylonian."

"Did you attempt a way out before?"

"I… I couldn't. I had too many questions."

"What did you make them?"

"That doesn't matter; what matters is what I did on the side. Other than the pigeons, I've constructed bombs and placed them on the suspension towers of Golden Gate Bridge. I didn't do anything without asking myself, 'What would the king do?' Forrest, although great distance separates us from who we once were, I still believe in Babylon."

"And you abide by this with your life?"

"What other life is there?"

Forrest grins. "Then let's get out of here."

They sneak out of the mansion and into the city's underground system. Forrest produces a flashlight, flicks it on, and leads Merlin into a darkness beyond imagination. Skeletal remains lean against cracking brick walls; clusters of rats scurry past their feet. During the early riots, people tried to escape into this world, but none of them came out. Was it hunger that drove them to death, or a forgotten fear? Some tunnels lead to maintenance stations, wherein tents rest quietly from years of abandonment. Cobwebs stretch from one end of a passageway to another, gargantuan arachnids dangling from their own ensnarement.

"What's the plan after we get out?" Merlin asks.

"I haven't thought that far ahead."

"Well what if we run into Ignatius?"

"We won't. We'll set up camp somewhere where the acolytes won't find us."

"Why not here?"

"Are you insane?"

"What do you have in the rucksack?"

"Enough for a few days. I gathered supplies on my way here."

"Then we'll stay. We need to lay low, at least for the next few hours. We don't know anything about what's going on above our heads."

Forrest stops walking. "Why did you leave? Did you know you were going to be a spy?"

"Why does it matter?"

"Because the smartest person in the kingdom left without resisting."

"Timothy would've died if I didn't intervene. I just… had to make the most of whatever was mine. What I did doesn't matter now, because we have a way out." Merlin retrieves a detonator from his pocket. "We just need to wait for the right moment."

Hesitantly, Forrest agrees. They stay in one of the maintenance stations, droplets of water echoing off a cement ground. Rust drapes every metallic surface, and green liquid leaks from filtration pumps. The WHO should set up laboratories here, studying the possibilities of reviving longtime dead diseases. Claustrophobics wouldn't last two hours down here, the stench alone being enough to drive someone mad. This is their only choice right now, a choice dependent upon Babylon's future. Whether that future stands is up to them to decide.

They sit against the crumbling walls, waiting for the ceiling to collapse. The only thing separating them from death is time. How many hours do we have to wait down here? Is there anything else we could do? Within the coming hours, distant gunfire echoes through empty landscapes. Whether it's the acolytes or the Babylonians, the squatters don't care; at least they know a fight is still going on.

"Forrest," Merlin sighs. "I know there's something wrong with you."

"What?"

"I hear how you talk. I watch how you act when you're giving speeches. You're hiding something. But, at the end of the day, you saved me. Consider my awareness a thank you."

"You think we're going to die. That's why you're telling me this."

"I didn't want you to go without me saying anything. I'm just warning you, Forrest. If other Babylonians take notice of these things, the Monarchy will receive fallout. When rumors spread like wildfires, they're considered the truth. If you don't want another Dante, you need to learn how to control yourself."

"So you think this war was for nothing? You think we're gonna go back to the days of capital punishments and secret societies?"

"We're still in those days. But we don't have to be. That's what you can't understand."

"I was going to sacrifice my life saving your ass, and this is how you pay me back?"

"You didn't have to. You needed me back in Babylon, because you know that's where I belong. That's why you're not going to kill me after this is over."

Forrest straightens his back. "I don't know what to do, Merlin. I feel like I've failed as a leader. The war brought the people together temporarily, but what happens next? Maybe you're right… we might be on anybody's watchlist right now."

"How are you going to control things when it's over?"

"What if I personally want to change? What if I'm done being the person I am right now? What if I… want to be better?"

"Changing your style is how you start. Don't do it for me, do it for Echo and Alice. You still have a family to live for, to make happy. I've known you for the past thirty years, so trust me when I say that I know you can free your head. Leading through fear doesn't help that, Forrest."

"Where did I go wrong?"

"When you chose to let it be that way."

Forrest stands up. "Well, that's not the case anymore. Come on, we're leaving."

"What?"

"You want me to change, right?" The king finds a ladder leading up to a manhole. "Then I will."

Merlin, smirking, grabs the rucksack and joins him. They climb up, and when the king lifts the manhole, Babylonian knights above ground remove it, flashlights shining into the open cavity. After pulling the familiar stowaways to their feet, the knights disperse, Heather ordering them to do so. She approaches the duo with a beaming smile, feeling hope for the first time since Portland.

"We heard gunfire," Merlin states. "Was that you?"

"The weather slowed down Ignatius and Marisa. We wanted to get ahead so we could ambush them on the bridge. We didn't know we would come across you."

Forrest smiles, breathing in the air for the first time in years. "We need to end this today. We're going to win."

Heather chuckles. "What makes you so confident?"

He shrugs his shoulders. "Because we're Babylonians."

Merlin locks eye contact with the commander. "I have an idea for an assault. Is there anywhere we can talk privately?"

Heather motions them forward. "Follow me."

In her tent, the acolyte traitor shudders before speaking. "Whatever you guys have done has put a huge dent in their military; the citizens are scared, and Ignatius seems to have underestimated you. This will hopefully be over quick." He reveals a detonator to Heather. "There are bombs on the bridge. We wait for the opportune moment, and they go off."

Forrest rubs his forehead. "How will we know when that moment's here?"

Merlin draws up a scenario. "Ignatius and Marisa are on the bridge. We kill everyone but them. We let them see what we did to them, and then we end it." He gulps. "However, the detonator has a very short range. Someone has to be near the bombs in order for them to explode. Ergo, I will be the sacrificial lamb."

"What?!" Heather shrieks. "We just got you back!"

"Those are my bombs," he growls. "A man remains loyal to his work."

Forrest lowers his head. "Jesus, why didn't you tell me in the sewers?"

Merlin pockets the detonator. "You'll understand."

A dreadful silence falls upon them. They ponder on that distant moment, where everything will change once and for all. The awkward atmosphere pushes them out of the tent, down unknown paths.

Time passes slower than the familiar relapse of falling in and out of love. The snow falls through metaphysical passing seconds, burying the Babylonians in their woes. Nobody knows what will come of tomorrow, but after, everything will change. This is the edge they all fear; this is the tipping point of balance. They write letters home to their families and friends, saying their final goodbyes and passing on regrets. Opinions about the Monarchy flourish when reading between the lines. The only thing that hides the Devil in the details is God. Heather observes from afar as the scene unfolds. In our darkest hour, we often find the core of humanity in strange places. A unique sensation of gratitude flows through her. If she's dying tomorrow, at least she's dying with her people. Forrest approaches the commander, wielding a flamethrower. However, before they meet, a knight shouts Echo's name. The king forgets why he's here, pursuing the source of confusion.

Reaching a crowd of campers, he pushes through them, meeting the queen face-to-face. The first thing he notices is her bald head; more questions, no answers. She appears as if she's looking at him, but flashlights reveal Echo gazing over his shoulder, into the cold blackness. Behind her, an endless gathering of Babylonian volunteers; all of them wield makeshift weapons.

The reunion passes, everyone disperses, and Forrest pulls her aside.

"Why did you shave your head?" he asks.

She shakes her head. "Why are you like how you are?"

Forrest, awestruck, retorts, "What do you mean?"

"They all died because of you. I don't want to be another one of your victims anymore; I'm my own person."

"You're not thinking straight; you saw countless people die before you. You can't relinquish your sanity now, not when we're on the verge of something bigger than us."

"Sanity?! Was it sane to kill everyone we deemed suspicious for being in secret societies? Was it sane to force Merlin to make LSD just so that I, personally, could give it to Dante? Was it sane to kill Judas so that we would have control? Was it sane to get us involved in something we clearly have no control over? We take one step forward and two steps back because of your actions. It is not insane of me for wanting to think for myself, to be void of you completely. You say you hear voices, Forrest. But you can't hear me."

With that, she leaves him behind. Should the world grant him motivation to get better, or should he let it stomp him to the ground, out of existence like God's vacuum collecting dust? Why should he even try to change now that he has nothing to change for? Perhaps he can blame destiny on the downfall of their love, but in the back of his broken mind, distance is the final nail in the coffin. How much time has he spent with her recently? How many leisure hours are in a day when you have to control society? What is this ever-widening wedge that keeps driving us further and further away from each other?

He returns to Heather's tent; she instantly reads his distress.

"What's wrong?" she urges.

"Do you think Babylon has a chance to survive without the Monarchy?"

"No. Isn't that what you want?"

He corners himself with his own philosophy. Waving outward, he states, "Delusional thinking, all of that negative shit."

Heather walks around the thought. "Are you and Echo okay?"

"She's in shock. She says she doesn't want to be with me anymore."

"Did she say anything else?"

"An entire fleet of Babylonians, dead, right in front of her eyes."

She gasps. "My God. Jesus, what's going to come of us in these next few hours?"

The king, hanging his head, replies, "I just don't know. Everything we've been doing…. every death that's led us to this point… what was it all for, Heather?"

"What's any of it for, Forrest? Why do we live these constant daily cycles that ultimately lead to nowhere? Because it's what we do until we find ourselves. Babylon gave me a chance to find myself, and I took it. If you weren't there, I wouldn't have known what to make of myself. I wanted to be useful, and you helped me recognize my potential."

He struggles to find words. "I wish Echo saw it that way…. I need to talk to her when this is over… We haven't had a good conversation in months. She was bald when I saw her, and I asked her why. Do you want to know what she said? 'You hear voices, Forrest. But you can't hear me.' Do you understand how worthless that makes me feel? Thirty years, and that's what she does?!"

"Your first mistake, all those years ago, was letting her stay."

"I… I loved her."

"I loved Alex. Life changes you, Forrest; it isn't obligated to save you from anything; the only way you can get better is by accepting the truth."

"That I'm a piece of shit?"

"Well, yeah. That's how any of us get better; it's a cycle of maintenance and persistence."

"Do you think the world forgives you of your actions?"

"Eventually, yes. Eternal hatred is nonexistent."

"I'm a sinner, Heather. I forced Merlin to make acid so that he could give it to a prisoner. I killed everyone who might've been involved in secret societies, anyone who I thought was a traitor. Ignatius says we're the same… I might begin to accept that soon. The thing is, Heather, you're the only person outside the Monarchy who knows about my schizophrenia. Merlin's suspicious, but won't act on his emotions. I only told you all this, because what you did in Portland, you did it for Babylon. That's why I do what I do."

"Do you feel guilt from any of this?"

"If I felt guilt, we wouldn't be here. Tell me, Heather, if I die, what will Satan do to me that I haven't already done to myself?"

Heather's voice turns colorless. "He'd just shrug."

The next morning, Babylonian soldiers find themselves at the edge of a tree line. Barrels of guns from snipers to RPGs protrude from the foliage, aiming directly towards the Golden Gate Bridge. They're careful not to rush things, keeping quiet and surveying the surrounding landscape with binoculars. Their hearts beat faster than the chugs of a steam engine, and perspiration boils on their foreheads, even beneath a winter sky. Nervousness, detachment, self-pity.

Standing by Merlin, Echo gazes through the scope of a sniper. "It didn't have to come to this, did it?"

He shakes his head. "However, it's our responsibility to make it right."

"Don't give me that bullshit today, Merlin. Today, there's only going to be blood borne from vengeance. There is no need to hide behind these altruistic facades; they'll only end up making you weaker in the end."

"I'm sorry for what happened at the National Park. I wish I was there to help."

"We didn't want to disturb any time you might've wanted with your boyfriend."

Merlin can't help but to chuckle. "Ignatius doesn't swing that way, just ask Marisa. She's… hypnotized by him; I don't know what it is she sees in that asshole." He remembers the detonator. "Echo, there's something I have to tell you."

"Oh? And what could that be?"

"Forrest isn't right for you. If the Monarchy needs change, you have to go through with it. You have to be a better person for Alice. Life, it's not about you. It never was, and it never will be. Think of how she'll turn out if he raises her."

"That's something I've been thinking about quite a lot lately."

"Really?"

"Yes. What I saw at the National Park, it made me realize who he really is. I woke up to that, and I want to be my own person now. I've been codependent all my life, but it's time I break away from that. Relying on people makes you weak, Merlin. It cripples you and allows the other person to manipulate you into doing whatever they desire. I used to depend on people for emotions, but not anymore. I'm going to find peace by saving Babylon. After that, I'm leaving the Monarchy."

"Did you talk to him about it?"

"He disagrees; I don't."

"You shouldn't. What are we going to do without a queen? That's the part I can't figure out."

"Well, Forrest and I aren't really married; I never wanted to because I don't believe in it. It was my first attempt at fighting codependency. We can just have an election."

"What about Alice? What are you going to do with her?"

"Timothy takes good care of her; I'll get an apartment in the Housing District and set it up before I move her in."

Chuckling, Merlin states, "The worst part about any of this is waiting. Before the train incident, I thought they were onto me for being a spy. I was so paranoid that I ended up sticking to the backyard; Ignatius was too busy elsewhere. I'd spend hours training the pigeons until they could reach Babylon. It's either you got the message, or you didn't. When the train incident happened, I knew that it was time to stop waiting, that the time for action is now. For what it's worth, you and Forrest gave the Babylonians something to fight for, something to distract them from disputing amongst each other."

"Will they forget?"

"Forget what?"

"Who we are? Is this really enough to extinguish what was about to happen? I don't think so. That's also why I'm stepping down; someone could kill Alice out of spite." Through the scope of her sniper, she tracks a mobile acolyte convoy moving towards the bridge's entrance. "I got them!"

"Wait until they get to the middle," Heather instructs from afar.

The Babylonians obey, unleashing their terror as soon as Ignatius reaches the end of the line. Acolytes drop dead under the surprising waves of bullets. Screams tear through the desolate environment, blood covering the asphalt beneath their feet. Without much hope, some acolytes surrender, dropping to their knees and raising their hands towards the sky. Heather repeats what she said at the mansion, and the Babylonians abide by her wishes. Within minutes, Marisa and Ignatius stand alone.

Merlin slips away from the group. Echo notices, reloading her sniper as she follows him.

"COME BACK!" Forrest exclaims.

Heather rushes over to the king, subduing him. "No, let them go. They know what they're doing."

He struggles against her strength, breaking free briefly before other knights tackle him to the ground. He cries Echo's name, reaching for her as if she's within grasp.

Running towards Golden Gate Bridge, Merlin and the queen notice San Francisco's gates opening. Acolytes flood out, but the Babylonians shoot them down. Merlin reaches the President first, striking him with a punch to the jaw. Marisa retreats as Ignatius tackles the traitor, whose detonator falls to the road. Echo swipes it off the ground, causing a stalemate between the fighters.

"GO!" she demands. "I BELIEVE IN BABYLON! WE HAVE TO CUT THEM OFF FROM THE WORLD!"

Without having time to think, Merlin runs away. Echo presses the button, and the suspension towers explode one by one, sending flames soaring into the air.

Merlin loses balance while the bridge collapses, his heart burning with every step. At the tree line, Forrest collapses in tears, Heather holding onto him for support. Babylonians grieve over this tragic loss, watching in agony as the only survivor approaches the end of the falling bridge. Fire spreads over the city's walls, and the victors have a bitter-sweet moment of celebration. They only allow this when Merlin finishes his journey safely. He trips and stumbles face-first into the snow, sitting upright and observing splashing debris.

Did they really win this war? Is the loss of power something to be proud of? Nations should emerge from conflict with their leaders, with someone to turn to for guidance. Forrest remembers telling Echo not to join the war, and this moment brings him nothing but pain. Why didn't she listen; what was the thing that made her so goddamn stubborn in the end? As the bridge separates the acolytes from any chance of survival, they wonder if this was the right way, or if this is a monument to their immortality. Is this what it takes to win now? Are these the lines we have to cross in order to make it to the next day? What hope is there for the future if this devolution continues? The age of the unknown begins now. The morning after entails disarray and futile attempts to get things back on track.

Forrest remains staring at the bridge for several hours, the Babylonians preparing for a tough journey home. Merlin returns, sitting next to the king. "I was with her before she went. She told me that… she was looking forward to the future." His lips quiver. "None of this makes any sense… Why does nothing go as planned?!"

"That's why you told me you were suspicious," the king states. "You knew you were going to die."

"Yeah, I did."

"When we get back to the kingdom, things are going to change. You told me once… that the path to heaven begins in hell. Do you still believe that?"

As San Francisco burns, Merlin nods his head. "I do." He suddenly remembers Liberty Leading the People. "Then it's time to make our way to heaven somehow."

With that, the Babylonians pack up their camp, leaving as the backdrop of an inferno blooms from a flower pot.