ARTIST: J.R. Mason
ALBUM: Babylon's Final Hours
CHAPTER: VI - I Hear Voices

The morning glow casts a heavenly range of vibrancy over the Farmlands. Forrest strolls through the gusts of manure-rich wind, gawking in appreciation at the peacefulness. His hair is short; the beginning signs of a beard spring from his face. Less scars and bruises cover his skin, the experience of life less apparent in the surface features. The year is 1963, making it almost 13 years since the blackout. The king ponders on this, traveling along a dirt road right up to the facade of a construction project. Babylonians surround the wooden skeleton, driving nails through plywood. The smell of work, the imminent noises of progress.

Merlin emerges from the workers. "What do you think?"

It looks like shit. "What is it?"

"It's a schoolhouse," he declares with a beaming smile. "The people are finally going to have a sanctuary to learn, to develop, to grow intellectually. This can be an entire movement for our society."

"This is the start of how life should be."

"Do you think it'll be successful?"

No! He shouldn't have wasted his time on such a useless project! "The schoolhouse? We'll just have to wait and see. The kids here are so lost, but who can blame them?"

"They're not the only ones that are lost. Most of the adults are, too… including you. Please come to the first class."

"I'll see." Being lost is a strength. "I think being lost is a strength."

"Is it, Forrest?"

"When you're lost, you have to go to extreme lengths to protect yourself, your sanity."

"Is that why you kill your own people? To protect your sanity?"

"I do it to preserve this. Babylon isn't a world for criminals; it's a world for a second chance."

"There's no better version of a second chance than one from mercy." Merlin gazes at the structure. "There's a quote from Dante's Inferno. The path to heaven begins in hell. Maybe we had to experience what we did at the beginning to experience this."

Forrest watches the growing grass alongside the schoolhouse; the blades brush against the plywood, and he hears the distant whispers in his head. God, how they haunt him. "How're you and Echo?"

"We're doing good. She told me you guys were trying to get pregnant. I wish you the best of luck."

"We've been trying for a while," Forrest admits. "It's not her fault she can't get pregnant… There's just something I have where… it's ineffective."

"You'll get there one day. Just keep trying." The foreman calls Merlin back to the site. "I'll see you soon."

Now, more than twenty years later, Forrest finds himself standing on a bridge. The Babylonians stand proudly before their king, donning themselves in iron armor. In their scabbards, swords ready to kill with one slice. In their holsters, sidearms. Across their chests, assault rifles. They all carry rucksacks over their backs, each containing wide varieties of provisions. Heather and Forrest wear golden armor, indicating their leadership. The golden color glistens in the sun's rays, rectifying a source of hope. Birds wake up in the surrounding woods, tweeting away an incomprehensible language. The king basks in this aura, for he feels at peace with himself. For once, the voices are gone.

He clears his throat, facing the nationalistic crowd. "This is it; this is the moment we've been waiting for. If what Merlin said in his letter is true, then this is our chance to free the stolen. Merlin is still on our side; that's what matters most." The Babylonians erupt in cheers; a glistening grin forms on Heather's face. "When the train reaches the fifty-yard line, that's when we abandon the bridge! We'll go down to the woods, and Heather will take this thing down! We do this today, victory is ours! We can't think of this as good, but necessary for the progress of our nation, our integrity, and our intellect. We are the founders of the next world, so let's make that point clear!"

The train comes into view, and they evacuate the area, following the king's instructions. Obedience is the true victor in any war, no matter how big or small, and Babylon's only order is to obey the Monarchy. Do they stand a chance against this rising tide? Can they really prevail under tensions within their walls? What will the aftermath consist of? These questions flow through the minds of these volunteers as they wait in silence for Heather's wrath. She produces a small remote with a red button from her rucksack, and, staring deeply at the bridge, listens for the right moment. It comes to her in the form of a train's whistle, so she presses the button, watching in amazement as a piece of architecture collapses into dust within mere seconds before her eyes.

The steam-engine crashes headfirst into the pile of debris, and the Babylonians observe this moment carefully as the train's boxcars fly off the rails, injuring several prisoners and acolytes inside. The Babylonians remain in hiding; they're patient and watchful of the quickly unfolding events. They're observers of their own creation, but as the dust settles, they come to understand that there is no time for observing. Grenades fly out of the boxcars' opening doors, sending the Babylonians back thirty feet. The knights fall to their stomachs as explosions send trees toppling over. The acolytes limp through the confusion, firing off their guns. Bullets ricochet off breastplates, striking different targets. The Babylonians commence their opposition, withstanding the blows of a thousand emotions from lost comrades.

Several knights guard the king, who stares coldly through the scope attachment on his assault rifle. Through the anxiety-ridden moments that divide life and death by a hair, the worst of it comes in the form of reloading your gun. If you aren't fast enough, the cost of predestination is pricey. They all share a common hatred for these moments, the ones that define adrenaline and intensity.

When the bullets run out, their desperation forces them to use melee weapons. The Babylonians unsheathe their swords while the acolytes produce anything with a blade. Forrest decapitates an acolyte, feeling that old rush of murder, but he pauses, feeling something else: snow. He gazes up at the sky for a brief moment, admiring nature's poetic way of telling time. During the ensuing events, he remembers how the wood of the schoolhouse smelt when it was first being built. He remembers a time where everyone was a lot closer than they are now. These new memories cause him to lag in battle; several Babylonians risk their lives to save him on multiple occasions.

The Babylonians win the battle, with casualties on both sides. Forrest approaches the boxcars, discovering several prisoners suffering from injuries ranging from broken legs to bodies with twisting necks. In one of the cars, he finds a trembling Wes.

"Thank God!" The kid cries out with a smile upon seeing familiar faces. "I knew you didn't forget about me!"

Forrest pulls him out of the boxcar. "We'll give everyone here food and water for the journey back home. But I'm not coming with you."

"Why?" Wes demands.

"I need to go to Oregon again; I'm meeting with Marisa. When I leave, you all will wait for me."

The kid's mouth hangs open. "What the fuck does she have to do with this?"

Heather approaches them, overhearing their conversation. "A lot. If we don't find boundaries during this conflict, both of our societies will crumble."

"I need to tell her before she finds out about the train," Forrest says urgently. "There can't be this constant back-and-forth. At the end of the day, we all have to sleep somewhere."

Wes shakes his head. "Not these motherfuckers. They don't deserve any pity."

"We understand that," Heather says in the tone of a manager defending an employee.

"But," Forrest adds, "They deserve something. We can't be reckless."

"You're not being reckless?" Wes scoffs.

"No," the king declares. "I'm being calculative."

Heather lets out a dreadful sigh. "Let's remember our current objective: keeping these ex-prisoners safe. We have to ration out our provisions now; we can't give all our food without some number system."

"What do you propose?" Forrest asks.

"Every night, before we go to sleep, we count how much food we have left. That way, in the morning, we can hand it out to… the people who need it the most."

Wes interrupts, "So us? What if you starve?"

"We'll have hunting parties," suggests the monarch. "People can scout for game."

"How do we know they're not on their way to the kingdom?" Wes rebuttals. "We need you, Forrest."

"You still have Echo," the king states reassuringly. "She's as strong as I am. You can't rely solely on me, especially now."

The kid lowers his head. "Fine, you're right."

Heather puts her fingers in her mouth and whistles. "Everybody gather 'round." The knights and prisoners alike circle around the commander. "You all did excellent work today. The people we lost… their sacrifices won't be meaningless. This conflict just drew blood, and at the end of it, we held the knife. We can't give up now; today seals the future for Babylon. We have to go back there now, so we need to split the party up into hunting teams, each consisting of five members…"

The following day, Forrest leads the party on horseback. Wes and Heather ride along either side of him, being the first defense against a hostile tide.

"I'm glad we set up that camp," Heather comments.

Forrest shrugs his shoulders. "I got the idea from Marisa."

Heather tilts her head in confusion. "What do you mean?"

The king says grimly, "Merlin also said in his letter that the fort in Oregon is a stronghold now."

"Then why the hell would you even consider returning?!" Wes screams.

Forrest suddenly becomes calm, collecting himself with meditative breathing. "Because it's times like these where sacrifices mean something more than life itself. I don't know if I'm going to come back, but I have to talk to her. We can't destroy both of our communities; there needs to be some order in the chaos."

Heather shakes her head. "I agree with Preston. So much is going on right now that we can't even keep track of. We have the acolytes, Black Death, constant threats of starvation, and it's not even noon. How can we control these things? How can we eliminate them? Is there some pattern to this godforsaken riddle?"

I have to. "I have to."

Heather watches as the snow falls to the road; the horses leave trails of prints as they gallop in a strange formation. The flakes glide softly off their armor plating, and the cold wind is almost blinding. If they encounter any blizzards, they're goners. If they step on something hidden beneath the snow, they're goners.

"What happened to Fink?" Wes asks abruptly.

"He made it to Babylon in just under a week; he's in the hospital right now."

The kid gasps. "Why?"

Forrest lowers his head. "He caught Black Death."

In an effort to curb the anxiety of the unknown, the king ponders on a memory during a night in 1965. The doors of Merlin's schoolhouse open for the first time, and a large group of kids and adults containing the Monarchy enter the building. They rush to empty wooden desks and sit down, basking in the room's simplicity. Bookshelves line the walls; moonlight beams through the window panels, glazing everything beneath a white, ghoulish glow. The smell of nearby crops adds an indescribable, rejuvenating freshness to the aura. Merlin stands high and proud behind a large, glistening desk made of oak. Behind him, a giant, blank chalkboard. He writes on it in all capital letters: ARES.

"Now," he says, laying down the piece of chalk. "Does anybody know who Ares is? Any idea?" Silence. "Come on, it's like you guys weren't taught anything." Cheap laughter. Coughs. "Anyway, Ares is the Greek God of War. Why do I bring this up? Because it appears to me that our world… was wrapped in his wrath, and we were at his mercy. Vietnam. Russia. Assassins. The Red Scare. All of these things… has war written all over it. Why did we experience these things? Why did we have to cope with the aftermath that's still visible to this day? Why was there so much fear? Well, here's the stinger: we're supposed to learn from it. I will not teach you anything until you understand that I am not the teacher. Logic and understanding history will be our only guides, our… fountains of refuge."

Forrest doesn't listen. The atmosphere around him throws his memories into a time when he was in school. They don't come from nostalgic roots; they grow from the childhood nightmares of the teachers beating him with wooden mallets or insults. The voices trickle into his mind like how a droplet of rain splits into rivulets after colliding with Earth's surface. Their humble whispers turn into intense, glass-shattering cries that sound like the realization of some incomprehensible truth. His vision warps through involuntarily understanding and visualizing the natural patterns of our universe. The Fibonacci sequence, a pattern of numbers increasing by the sum of their predecessors, speaks to him as if it's the prophet, the glue that binds reality together.

He sweats under the pressure of hiding these emotions, eventually breaking and leaping out of the chair, into the night. He pauses abruptly on the porch, sitting down on its edge.

The doors behind him open, and Echo sits down next to him. "What's going on, Forrest?"

"I… I don't know. I just started freaking out… everything felt fuzzy… Merlin's voice sounded like it was fading away." Abruptly, he asks, "Are you still thinking about kids?"

"Are you?"

"Yes, now it's time to bask in our comfort. Everyone's having children; we should, too."

"Aren't you scared?"

"Echo, we don't have to be scared. We have walls, security, and most importantly, a future worth striving for."

"I'm not talking about that; I'm wondering if being a father will scare you."

"We're leading Babylon. How hard can it be?"

Echo gazes at the encompassing crops. "Do you want to know why we're not married yet, and why we're never going to be?"

"Yes."

"Before… everything happened… the war, the blackout, and the outbreak… I had a boyfriend in Colorado. His name… God, I forgot his name, it was so long ago. He was such a nice guy with this… ambition you can't find in anybody else. He died because a drunk driver killed him. One moment, someone's in your life, the next, they're gone. No remorse, no mercy, no holding anything back. He was just… gone. I still hold on to those memories, because they're a part of me that I can't forget… no matter how hard I try… no matter how hard it gets. I still see his face, but I can't remember his name. Do you understand… any of this pain?"

"You'd be surprised." He climbs to his feet, pulling the queen up with him. "Follow me."

She giggles. "Are we really ditching him?"

"Just follow."

Within the blanket of smog covering the Industrial District, the Monarchy find themselves sitting on the shoreline of Lake Union. They watch the rotating wheels of watermills and smile viciously at the purification plants as they pump clean water for the kingdom. The summer wind blows through the warm, humid night, carving out a feeling of blissful ignorance.

"Echo," Forrest says breathlessly. "Do you hate that we killed Judas?"

"No, we had to."

"Do you think leading makes you numb?"

"Just me specifically? Why not you?"

"I've been numb."

She listens to the hypnotic sounds of rolling waves. "I do sometimes, but only because I see what you do."

"I do it-"

"For protection. I know the spiel."

"Why does it make you numb, do you think?"

"Nobody else has the courage to do it. Do you really believe Babylon would be better if we gave our position to Merlin or Timothy or anybody else? Why do you think nobody's tried assassinating us yet? We have them… right where we need them. The obstacles of leading society are so immense and draining; it's like digging through concrete with your bare hands, just accepting and taking the pain."

"Why did you want to do this with me?"

"Because I love you."

Aimless days and nights pass over the Babylonians like sand as it blows above miles of naked, golden dunes. Food is scarce; the tribes of the wild pick off game before they can. Wes remembers what it was like in the tunnels, and there's a specific feeling he reached when he was in that situation, a feeling so ghastly and terrible: impending horror. Horror is the only word that barely scratches the surface of witnessing cannibalism. Wes doesn't know if he can experience the emotion again, for the first time almost made him lose his sanity.

At some point, Forrest splits off from them; they give him canned food, but nobody follows. It's like they're saying, "Go, go! Right up to the doors of a ticking time bomb! We don't need you when we have rationality!" Forrest doesn't know fully why he's doing this, or if it's a good idea or not. The only thing he can ascertain is that he's going to try to keep Babylon safe, as Ignatius would do if he was in this situation.

While riding through the falling snow, he keeps having these fleeting memories. He worries that the voices are somehow changing these recollections, transforming them into tools to make him weaker. Maybe that's just the paranoia talking, or the anxiety from sleep deprivation. Either way, it's meant to be a distraction, and he's not willing to succumb in times like this.

Eventually, the king stands gawking at the Fort's new implements. Boxes of ammunition and guns rest in stacks on the lawn. Tents are set up among the stockpile, and acolytes move in and out of them, working on some unknown project. Cannons rest on top of the Fort's roof, aiming outward, appearing vengeful. The workers outside take notice of the king, and they quickly capture and disarm him. Forrest doesn't know why they don't just kill him on site; that's the whole purpose of this damn thing, right? The captors drag him by the knees into the compound, where other acolytes repair and reinforce the walls. The monarch ends up in front of a lone stone door, with many guns pointing at his back.

An acolyte knocks on the door, and Marisa reveals herself.

"What the hell are you doing here?!" She cries out. Grabbing the king, she pulls him inside, slamming the door shut.

"We need to negotiate," Forrest states, stabilizing himself. "I'm here to offer you and Ignatius an ultimatum."

"What is it?" she demands.

"We fight in Oregon to contain the conflict. Otherwise, both our societies will turn to ash."

Marisa chuckles. "Do you really think that's going to work after what your people did on Alcatraz?"

"We need to step up and prevent any sort of damage. I'm being… diplomatic about this. Please. We can organize this so that neither of us gets hurt."

Marisa backs away, rubbing her head. "Do you know why we didn't kill you just now? Ignatius considers you special. He considers all of them special. Timothy, Merlin, Echo, Heather. He doesn't want to kill you, because when we win this thing, he's going to drain you of any sense of rationalization."

"I don't care who wins or who loses, Marisa. But when this thing ends, don't you want something you can return to if your plans go south? Don't you want to be the person who saves the day?"

Marisa doesn't know how to respond. She thinks of the ones who don't deserve to see battle, the ones whose innocence brings light to this dark world. What would they do if they didn't have anything? What would they do if they saw their homes in ashes? Her eyes widen, realizing this is what empathy is. She doesn't want her people to suffer anymore than they have to under these times.

"Okay," she whispers. "How're we going to do this?"

"We designate areas in Oregon as battlefields, we schedule them, and we show up."

"What if one side refuses?"

"If your side refuses, then I'll kill you."

"And if yours does the same, I'll do the same to you."

"I thought Ignatius isn't going to kill me."

"Exactly, he isn't."

Forrest shakes his head. "Let's just get back to the main topic."

"The first site will be Portland, the second Cannon Beach, and the third Smith Rock State Park." The king's look of surprise amuses her. "I'm originally from here."

"All your life?"

"Up until recently. We'll begin fighting there in two weeks." She extends a hand, showing hints of gratefulness for the first time. "Thank you for doing this."

Forrest accepts. "No unnecessary deaths."

"No unnecessary deaths."

While on his way back to the camp, he happens upon a vast, black wheat field. Wooden crosses among the useless crops catch his attention, and he can't help but to investigate. He reaches the small clearing, and his heart drops upon seeing Timothy, Merlin, Alexander, Echo, and an older Alice dangling before him from the charred crosses. Age-old nails pierce through the palms of their hands and the ankles of their feet; Echo's prosthetic hand is nonexistent, revealing a bleeding stump.

Ignatius suddenly appears from the surrounding field. "Did you really think you can save them, Forrest? Don't you see the pain you've caused; can't you feel the magnitude of a historical change? Why do you consistently fail at recognizing the truth to who you are?"

The king closes his eyes. "THIS ISN'T REAL! IT'S THE DAMN VOICES!"

Ignatius chuckles. "It may not be real now, but it's about to be. And somehow, you're going to deal with it."

Forrest throws a punch at the hallucination, striking the target's cheek. The President tumbles backwards, falling against a cross. He produces a Bowie knife from thin air and charges the king, stabbing at the king's heart. The blade effortlessly tears through the monarch's breastplate and pierces his heart; Ignatius twists the melee weapon, tearing apart Forrest's organs.

The king tells himself that it's all imaginary, that it's a figment of his imagination. But that's what terrifies him. Whose mind can be this far gone? If they're out there, how can they remain in this physical state without feeling the urge to leave? How do people love him? Ignatius leaves the knife, stands up, and kicks Forrest several times in the ribcage, the faux blows making the Babylonian squirm.

"THIS IS REAL!" cries the President. "What can I do to make you believe that it is."

"You can't; that's how I know… this is all fake."

The cultist chuckles in a way an insane man would after getting drugs in the hours following an involuntary hiatus. "You're making a suicide look like a death. The truth is, Babylon was already falling before me. Do you really not think I don't know what that kind of thing feels like? It's like a tsunami, Forrest. The collapse of society comes on slowly at first, but when the wave hits, that's when your nightmares become a reality. And at that point, you realize all societies begin the same way they end: through fear."

Everything disappears into the mystic wintertime weather; Ignatius, the crosses, and Forrest's blood fade away beneath the snowfall. The king remains on the ground, not sure what to make of himself. The snow almost buries him, but he finally stands up out of the fear of hypothermia. The monarch resumes his lonely journey, wondering what causes physical conflict. Is it this need for humans to be part of some change in their society? Does it all come back to people simply following orders? All Forrest can ascertain from this madness is that at least they have their home now; they can rest easy without the anxiety of waiting for some sort of bombing or blitz.

Don't tell them.

"What?"

Don't tell anybody about the deal.

"Why the hell shouldn't I? The people have a right to know!"

Can't you see how much of a power move you have at your hands? If you deny the deal's existence, everyone will be scared. They'll think something will happen, and they'll turn to you at the sound of a snapping twig. Don't you want that?

Forrest plants his feet into the ground. Their logic is right. "Why do you want to help me now?"

Because we love watching you suffer.

"Do you really think more manipulation will cause suffering?"

No, but as the death rate increases, as your… responsibilities deplete, that shit will weigh in on you. You like it when people venerate you; you like it when people get on their knees and chant your name. Imagine seeing all of it die out.

That evening, he rides on horseback in the original formation, with Wes and Heather on either side. The snow pelts them as they advance through this harsh, barren climate. Game is impossible to find; the king thinks it's safer to stick together rather than hunt. Nature changes after society's end; it shows the surviving observer how merciless she is, how spontaneous she can be. Every winter is like this, albeit it seems to get colder with every passover. The horses neigh and cry, and Babylonians shout at each other as to not lose friends. Some are lucky to have lanterns, but even that isn't enough. They seek warmth, an escape from this circle of hell, somewhere where they can wrap themselves in woolen coats and sleep away this nightmare.

They don't see the sun anymore; a grey forecast forever shields its rays from reaching earth's surface. The entire planet traps them slowly, suffocating the survivors under the pressures of mutating natural conditions. One should never experience conflict at a time where frostbite should be your main concern. With sparse medical equipment to care for such wounds, the forthcoming moments become vague and heartless.

The horses prove to be more of a burden than a means of transportation. They simply require too much food and attention, and it gets to the point where Forrest occasionally puts them down. Two people on a horse becomes commonplace, and they force themselves to have faith in these beasts. They eat what the king kills, feeling guilty for consuming an essential need for survival. The party reaches southern Washington, where a past storm has turned everything into pools of ice-covered mud. There aren't any buildings, roads, or signs of humanity for miles. Hooves easily get stuck in the wet, frozen ground, so the Babylonians free the stallions, deciding to brave the rest of the journey on foot.

Dark, cold and hollow. All the Babylonians feel during this march are the free-falling crystals striking their armor, acting as if Indian spirits sharpen them into arrowheads. Can one measure the magnitude of desperation during wartime? Can words even interpret such feelings? Why do we fall to our knees and beg for mercy at the feet of someone who's exactly like you? At certain points during their dreadful march, certain Babylonians slip and fall into the mud, whereupon it acts as quicksand, swallowing the victim albeit hearing their cries for help. Nobody lends a hand for the fallen, because the survivors don't want to risk succumbing to the same fate.

That night, after all the traveling, suffering, and grieving, they camp in a traffic tunnel. Snow howls by outside, and vines cover the interior walls. Most of them are restless, holding their growling stomachs by piles of dust which were once cars. The commander and king sit beside each other, watching Wes as he shifts from side to side while asleep.

Heather says weakly, "I was in New Orleans before Babylon, in a town called Salvation. It was a few miles outside the state's capital." A knot forms in her throat. "These raiders moved into Louisiana, and they claimed it as their land. They started to destroy nearby colonies, people who we communicated with. We tried fighting back, but… we lost. I had to abandon them; the conditions were getting too insane for me to comprehend. I… won't abandon you, though. That's why I'm telling you this. My loyalty rests in Babylon."

"You did what you had to do."

"So… I'm not crazy for leaving?"

"No, and neither of us are crazy for staying in this one."

"Those raiders… they killed my family. When I left, I vowed that I'd absolve myself someday. This is how I'm gonna do it." She bows her head. "I still feel guilty for not avenging them. I felt like I… lost an opportunity to exemplify myself."

"You're exemplifying yourself now."

Heather smiles. "What did Marisa say?"

"Didn't I already tell you?"

"Yeah, but I still think there's more to it."

"Jesus, Heather, do you think I'm lying to you? I'm only here because I got lucky; she was going to kill me if I didn't leave right then and there. As soon as I offered the ultimatum, she just… turned me away."

"Why didn't she kill you?"

"Ignatius wants us alive."

"Us?"

"You, me, Merlin, Timothy, people like that. He wants to torture us after."

"What are we going to do?" Heather asks, on the verge of panicking.

"We'll own up to the situation. There's no going back. Alcatraz is gone, their economy is done, and we got one of their trains. They're going to come after us. We made a commitment today."

"What if other people run? What if the civilians won't support us? You know how fragile everything is back home; what have we done so far to gain their trust?"

"We did what we said we would do. It's a start."

"You're right."

"I know being a leader is hard. I know it's a lot of… pressure. What you can do to overcome it is accepting whatever happens, good or bad. At the end of the day, feeling regret will be your downfall."

"Thank you."

"Ego, Heather. Ego is the source of power. In my mind, nothing is good or bad. Everything is corrupt somehow, because that's simply the nature of how things are. There's always a balancing act, some… equalizing force. What did Einstein say? Every action has an equal and opposite reaction. Do people succumb to good acts because they're actually generous? Because they want recognition? Because they want… respect? Whatever the reason may be, good nature comes before a bargain; it always does. Even when we forgo all reasons, even when we're… pure… the universe measures it out with bad. Is anything purely good or evil? I beg of you to ask yourself this."

"Why are you telling me this?"

"Because it's what I told Alexander. I'm sorry I never got the chance to tell you, but… better late than never I suppose."

"Can I ask you something?"

"Sure."

"What's wrong?"

"What?"

"You heard me."

"Nothing's wrong."

"Everyone notices it in the kingdom."

"What do they notice?"

"They see the bags under your eyes. They hear the… rapid way you talk. They watch the way you eat, the way you declare orders, and the way you act so… numb. They question you. That's why everything's so fragile. I'm asking what's wrong because… I don't want any civil unrest."

"I don't want to talk about it."

"Forrest, I know there's something going on somewhere deep down."

Do it. Tell her who we are. The moment you say anything, she will turn her back on you. "I… I can't, Heather. No matter how hard I try to talk about what's bothering me, I can't. I'm not built to be sensitive; I don't want to open up to somebody I don't know."

"Okay, but I want you to know that if you ever need to talk to me… I'm here."

The king grins. "Thank you."

Deep within the night, Heather wakes up to the sound of someone coughing. She leans up, finding several Babylonians, including the king, huddling around the source of commotion. Something tells her to pretend to sleep, so she does. The more she hears the king's yelps and cries, the more she realizes there's something ugly unfolding. She picks up on the purpose behind his screams: one of the Babylonian prisoners from the island got sick and didn't tell anybody. Who knows what kind of sickness this dying bastard has? What if it's airborne, or what if it's quick to mutate?

"He wasn't coughing before?" Forrest demands.

"No!" cries out the dying man's friend. "I don't know what's happening; I'm not a fucking doctor!"

The monarch turns, looking towards the tunnel's mouth. "How far are we from Babylon?"

"Two, three days tops according to these maps. What're we going to do when we get there?"

"We'll cross that bridge when we get to it. The main thing we need to do is understand what happened. Biochemical warfare."

"What's that?"

"In World War 1 and 2, it wasn't uncommon for the enemy to poison food and water supplies. It also wasn't uncommon for them to 'experiment' with microbes or biological toxins. What we have here… is an act of retaliation."

"Do you really think they're capable of this?"

"They probably wanted to cover every angle they could. Say someone attacks the Babylonian train on the day of its departure. Wouldn't you want to prevent that somehow, even if you couldn't do it personally?"

"So… either way, Anders would've died."

"Yes. And wherever you were going… everyone there would've died, too. Listen, we don't have a lot of medical supplies, so we need to pick up the pace. They have an advantage, and they're going to squeeze it of all its use. We need to fight fire with fire."

"What… are you proposing, Forrest?"

"The hospital, all those… Black Death fatalities… maybe we won't have to dig holes for them anymore."

"Jesus, do you really think it's a good idea to stoop to their level?"

"Did you think it was a good idea to join me in our second terrorist attack on a society that's still recovering from the first one?"

"I see your point, it's just… I don't know."

"We're Babylonians. We need them to hear that; we need to win. Desperate times call for desperate measures."

"You're right. I just didn't know humanity can… deplete that fast."

"Let me level with you. I know we haven't experienced the same things, but let me tell you something: people are like a light switch. One moment, they're good, the next, they're bad. You can't… put all of your eggs in one basket. The way I see it, we exaggerate how good we are. Remember Korea? What about those newspaper articles on the Berlin Wall, or the social fragility around communism and capitalism? I'm left asking myself if we're… better off with the way things are. Maybe we needed to start from scratch."

"I don't think so."

Forrest shrugs. "Either way, we need to leave, soon. We'll start packing." He moves over to Heather, shaking a pretending commander awake. "I know you were listening. We're heading out in fifteen."

Anxiety. Paranoia. Exhaustion. All the words that can deprive the Babylonians of happiness don't hold a candle to how they truly feel. They press on cautiously, eyeing one another with immense suspicion. All lives depend on holding in coughs and sneezes; the reduction of someone's value can change spontaneously.

This war is of a different nature now. What was once a conflict driven by belief and action is now a conflict driven by absolute life and death. No contingency or face can be forgotten, and any name the enemy speaks of, the Babylonians are sure to remember. Who knows how long this cycle between hope and helplessness will last? It's a cycle you must acclimate to if you want to last more than a day in this world. There is nothing left but natural instinct and selection.

Forrest shields the snowfall with his arm. We're still here, Forrest. All of your victims are here. Your parents, everyone you sent to those public executions, and everyone you lied to. We should let you know that we've really been here since birth. We watched how you grew and changed as you got older, and… you remember what happened that triggered it, right? We don't have to explain that part. This is who you are, Forrest. Your mind is our collage, our canvas.

The king wants to fight back; he wants to challenge them as if he's challenging the devil, but any rambling whisper can be a symptom of the mystery illness. Perhaps their paranoia is enough for them to turn against their leader. The voices are winning, and they know it.

You keep going back to these memories. Most of them are about that damn schoolhouse. What's so important about it that you escape the present moment for it? We don't know how it can bring up any happy memories; we all know what school was like for you. Is it because Echo's in those memories too? Do you long for her? Forrest Wayley, the man with a brick for a heart actually misses someone! This fight is too much for her to handle, no matter how many times you manipulate her to think otherwise. Yeah, she's at the kingdom, she's behind those walls, but did you account for anything that could happen within them during your absence?

When you were a kid, we actually thought you'd be somebody. We thought you'd… have purpose. But then Vietnam came, and you dodged the draft. Forrest, you weren't wrong when you made that decision; don't you see any beauty from that? Can you salvage some form of self-gratification? You made the right choice not to go, because look at where you are now.

You want to know something interesting about us? We know we don't have any reason to be in your head; we just are. Do you really think therapy will help you at this point? Do you really think we won't… intervene whenever you talk to somebody about us? You're our bitch; the bags under your eyes only accentuate that fact. You enslave others because you know what enslavement feels like; you want other people to understand and suffer with your own suffering. Don't you see who the problem is? YOU!

When will you accept what you have done? When will you stop running from the guilt you say you don't feel? When will you turn back and stare the truth in the face? Look in the mirror. Face who you are. You manipulate people because we manipulate you; you kill people because we make you feel like death. You are a walking collage of a fracturing self-reflection, and the worst part is that you take it. You keep taking it.

Why don't you stand up against us? Why do we carry on as if we're at the helm of your thoughts? Why do we keep this control? You're feeling angry; we see it. You want to put a gun to your head; you want to stop this. Even if you die; even when you're on that distant other side, we'll still be here in the minds of others who suffer from your condition. There is no cure for schizophrenia, Forrest, especially to this degree. There isn't some vaccination you can take that will magically make us disappear, there isn't a drug that can help you escape, and there sure as hell isn't someone you can talk to. You won't win.

Some of us think you like suffering. We think you enjoy the pain because you know you deserve it. Guilt runs deep in you. It's turning you into someone irredeemable. You keep doing these things that cause more guilt, and you keep wondering why you are who you are. Do you ever think before you act? Why haven't the people risen up yet? You should've been long gone. Some of us are a lot more reasonable than others, and even the merciful ones believe it, too.

Babylon is a mistake. Your idea behind it will leave a scar in humanity for centuries. What do you really care about, the populous or the dream? Why is this even your dream? The escalation of morality? Can you even comprehend such a concept anymore? Do you remember the boundaries that divide good and evil? Do you even care to try? We see you when you kill people; we watch how you act. Your face… doesn't have the same countenance as a sane person. There are cracks on the surface, and the people notice. That's why you have all those secret societies back home.

Remember Dante's assassination attempt? Remember the… fear you felt? That's what you should be feeling every day. It hurts to realize you're not as important as you think you are, but someday, that realization will save your life. Sometimes, we have to accept where we stand in the world, and Forrest, you're no king. You can hide under the embellishments of gold crowns and jewel-encrusted tiaras and exceptional garments, but at the end of the day, all you are is a guy who hears voices. You can fool them, but you can't fool us.

Is your leadership a show, an excuse to escape from being alone with us? Do you act on a stage and perform for the feeble minds of a race worth losing? Leadership isn't some game, Forrest. Another death on the tally board won't fix shit. It won't change anything, and it sure as hell won't make your life easier. You fail to learn abstinence, and the pit goes deeper. Why do you let it sink? Why do you let this pressure build in you until you combust like a blast furnace?

The monarch keeps walking. What other choice does he have? What choice do any of them have now besides escaping into their own minds for some fountain of relief?

Time loses its meaning. Through their suffering, they lose and regain themselves. After each grave, after each loss, they decide to cling to one another. They learn the true meaning of brotherhood through this journey, and however perilous it proves to be, they still have the honor of saying they overcame.

They march until the roads bleed and become one with their clad-iron boots, until dealing with the snowfall becomes second nature. Babylon's medieval rooftops come into view that dreadful, cold evening. The way they manifest slowly into greatness from behind fifty-foot stone walls with that bitter-sweet aftertaste makes the aftertaste itself seem like a desert. The Clock Tower chimes, ensuring every step to be worth more than the last. They arrive at the kingdom's Drawbridge, the link from Babylon to the rest of the world. A gatehouse at the bridge's end awaits their arrival, but they don't progress. Forrest steps forward, and that's when the others follow suit, disobeying previous plans at the formidable smell of smoke. The king's heart drops, seeing Echo stumble out of the gatehouse with a weeping Alice makes him stand still.

"Echo…" Forrest moans. "What…"

"I… I don't know." She reaches out for him, but he steps back. "What is it?"

"I - some of us are sick. I'm not, but I can't touch you. I shouldn't even be this close to you."

Echo hides a distant countenance of anger beneath clenching teeth. "Follow me."

The Babylonians stay back several feet as they follow their queen through an eerily quiet kingdom. The smell of smoke worsens, and they spot several civilians rushing to the source of the blaze with buckets of water. Heather wants to help, and she struggles with the guilt of helplessness. She watches as they pass by houses where people board up their windows from the outside, as if the conflict is already here. Pennants dangle lifelessly from colorless windows, and the streets are empty aside from defenders who ride and guard them on horseback.

They bask in the flames as they consume the Farmlands. All that equipment, those silos, barns, and fields… all of it is withering down into nothing. Echo doesn't stop here; she guides them to a very prominent area now in ruins: Merlin's schoolhouse.

Another memory. The year is 1991. On this autumn night, the Monarchy stand beneath the porch's roof. Farmers work in the fields around them, preparing for the year's harvest. Hanging above their heads in the twinkling night sky, a formidable Blood Moon. They take in this relaxing period of the kingdom's life, and they watch with beaming smiles at their effective leadership. Lanterns twinkle in the windows of farmhouses, and livestock sing and call to one another.

"Why don't we celebrate holidays?" Echo asks.

"For the same reason behind why I'm not letting anybody step foot into the outside world besides the army; we just need to focus on reestablishment, not re-institutionalization."

"I was thinking we could do something for the kids this year, you know? Maybe the king can dress up as Santa Claus."

Forrest chuckles. "We'll see. Do you mind if I ask you something?"

"Go ahead."

"Remember that night we went to Lake Union?"

"Yes, why?"

"Has anything changed?"

Echo rubs her stomach. "Well, this is awkward; I'm pregnant."

"So does that mean… marriage?"

The queen shakes her head. "It means we have to put our heads together and figure out a way out of this."

"A way out? What do you mean?"

"I don't know if I want it; I can't even comprehend the fact that something is growing inside me."

"Echo, we've been trying for how many years now? It's completely natural to get scared, but… is an abortion something you really want to look back on?"

"No, but… I don't know what I can look back on should I decide to."

Forrest lowers his head. "That's exactly how I feel."

The queen clasps her cold hands around his, warming the callouses. "Listen to me. Everything is overwhelming as it is; would bringing someone else into this world make anything easier?"

"Look around you, Echo. Is anything meant to be easy?"

She smirks, giggling. "No. I still remember how Merlin looked the day I met him. We were all so… young, weren't we? God, do you even think it's safe for me to have a kid?"

"Echo, was it safe for us to dethrone Judas? Is it safe for me to remind you about that? Can we consider anything safe beyond our walls?"

"Are you not giving me a choice?"

"No, I just don't want you to be negative."

Echo blushes. "Oh… thank you."

"You are strong, brave, and beautiful. You never back down from a challenge, and you're always on my side. I know I don't say these things nearly as much as I should, but-"

The queen kisses him. "I want it. I want it."

Forrest holds her, nodding. "I hope you understand I want the kid for you. I've always seen you as a mother."

"Are you upset that I don't want to marry you?"

"It was hard to understand it at first, but I accept it. It's just who you are." He leads her off the porch by the hand and turns her around. Behind the schoolhouse, Babylon's bustling districts. "Let me in on your mind. Did you know that we would get to this point? Do you know how much effort we've put into it, and do you know how blissfully ignorant we are about the effort we haven't? Everything feels so… weird. I knew killing Judas would change something, but I didn't know it would mean this."

"People still question whether or not we're good."

"The people aren't the ones in the Throne Room. They can disagree with me all they want, until they get caught. The military supports us; we'll be fine."

"Still, why do you think people stay? Why don't they revolt?"

"Because they're scared. They don't have the… courage to push themselves off the edge like we do."

"I remember waking up the morning after the blackout. Everyone left… without me. To this day, I still don't know why they left me behind. They were supposed to be my fucking parents goddamn it! It still hurts… knowing my entire life could be different had they tapped my shoulder. It's funny how fast life just reduces you to nothing, and then you're something. I don't consider myself a celebrity, I just want to see Babylon succeed."

"That's where true leadership is; fighting for an idea."

"I'm still scared, though."

"Of?"

"The success. Ask yourself, Forrest. Are we biting off more than we can chew?"

"No. I'll prove it to you because I love you."

"You're the man I fear because of how much I love him back."

Presently, they stand emotionally naked in front of the burning structure. The schoolhouse's roof caves in, crashing into the classroom beneath, destroying it completely. Echo gazes at Forrest, and for the first time she sees an emotion she has never seen before: helplessness. Nobody knows who's responsible. No names prop up in the distant conversations of makeshift firefighters. It's almost as if the perpetrator's invisible. With her free hand, she grabs hold of Forrest's.

The king rejoins the Babylonians, who stand behind and observe the unfolding chaos.

"Do you remember your responsibilities, Heather?" he asks. "I want you to send a letter to the army telling them to draw up a census."

"Why?"

"Whoever did this walked among us."

"How do you know?"

"We fight when the enemy's obvious."

"What are we going to do about food?" Wes asks.

"There're emergency reserve stockpiles in the Industrial District," Heather states. "I saw them when I made my first round through the kingdom. They're impressive, but they won't last forever. At some point, we'll need to… figure something out."

"We all have to fight," Wes declares. "The ones who can at least."

Forrest shakes his hand. "We have to organize this. We can't just let everyone tote a gun. Some of them don't even know how to use-"

"I'll train them," Heather suggests. "Whenever I'm not in the field, I will train the ones who don't know how to fight."

The king lets out a long-awaited, dreadful sigh. "Everyone. What about all those shop owners? The tradesmen? What about Timothy's workers, or the farmers that have to repair this pla-"

"That's why I said the ones who can," Wes retorts. "The ones who want to… volunteer."

"Or we can make a draft," Heather suggests.

"No drafts!" Forrest cries out. "I'm sorry… I have a personal disbelief in the draft."

The commander shrugs her shoulders. "Alright, then let's get us some volunteers."

Forrest shakes his head. "First thing's first: the hospital."

Later that day, Wes finds himself in a hospital bed. All around him, curtains separate small cots of wool and wood. He hears the hacks of ill-ridden folk, the moans of someone with terrible muscle pain, and people screaming because of amputations. The hospital is a complete contradiction of itself, for one never goes to the doctor to catch an illness. The lack of ventilation allows the hot air to mix with the body heat, and sweat stains cover everyone's scrubs.

A nurse with curly red hair approaches him. "Preston, is that you?"

Wes nods his head, propping himself up on the cot with his shoulders. "What is it?"

The nurse produces an envelope. "This was written for you, by the guy that had that exact same bed before you did."

His heart racing, he stomachs the suspense and rips the package open. Unfolding it, the letter reads:

Dear Wes,
I'm sorry I couldn't wait until you got back. I just keep thinking about Ana, and I get this feeling that we shouldn't be wasting time. I had to leave; I have to find her. We can't leave anybody behind. I have a rucksack with provisions which should last me a week and a half. Beyond that… I don't know what I do. If I don't come back, forget about me. I'm sorry for getting angry with you at Alcatraz; there was a lot going on and I didn't know what to do. I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me.
-Fink

Wes folds up the letter and slides it in his pocket. Looking at the nurse, he asks, "Did you read this?"

"Patients need their privacy, kid. We don't want to intrude on anybody's business."

Wes cracks a smile. "I like the way you think." He examines the other patients. Some of them have sores which look like they're about to burst into fountains of pus and bile. Black and purple bubos cover the skin of some, and others spit globs of mucus onto the stone floor. "What's happening to us?"

The nurse shakes her head. "This was always going on. Anyway, two more of your Babylonian friends got sick. We're examining them to diagnose whatever those acolytes gave you; we should have a proper answer soon."

"What does the prognosis look like for them?"

"Not good. They're both healthy, young males, but whatever's inside is making them look older… Those sunken eyes, clammy skin, and photoflashes do end up taking their physical toll. That's the strangest part about this thing."

"If it makes you feel any better, I know that you'll figure it out."

The nurse blushes. "Thank you. I have to check on everyone else, now."

The next morning, in the Throne Room, Echo sits alone on the large bed. Outside, snowfall prevents her from seeing the fire. She worries about its growth, its consumption of the rest of Babylon, but the volunteer firefighters give her hope. Beside her, Alice sleeps soundly in her crib. The chandelier above the dining room table swings back and forth gently against its own weight.

She can't get the image of the schoolhouse out of her mind. The moments she and Forrest shared together on that site will never be forgotten. The strange thing is that it meant nothing to her until she saw it in ashes. To combat this, she climbs out of the bed and down to her knees, pulling out a chest. Lifting the lid, she produces and dons her crown. As silly as it is, it makes her feel powerful now. It didn't when Forrest first gave it to her after Alice's birth, but as soon as the crown makes contact with her frontal lobe, a surge of superiority surges down her spine.

The people need something more than faith now: role models. Wherever this conflict takes them, wherever the roads lead, the only thing that remains consistent is the figures who make it all possible, who make the future possible. War strips humans down to the foundations of their instinctual origins, and the only way to retain humanity in this time is by having the proper leaders. Staring back at the window, Echo realizes her destiny. She has to fight whether Forrest likes it or not; if she dies, it won't matter, because the walls will remain standing. She feels grand coming from selfless intent, but she has enough self-discipline to reel her ego back in. When Forrest gets out of that damn hospital, she knows what she's going to do. She's tired of feeling like she can't do anything, like she's always on the back burner and she's meant to stay indoors. Sure, Babylon will need temporary leaders, but once they leap over that hurdle, once the skies clear for her involvement, she will join, and she will kill Ignatius.

A knock on the door makes her heart jump. She stands up, walks over, and opens it, revealing a Babylonian soldier on the other side. In his hands, a seemingly endless scroll with names on its surface. The soldier hands her the scroll, and Echo closes the door. After spreading it out on the dining room table, she crosses over to a row of filing cabinets which trace the wall adjacent to the bed. She opens the one with the most recent date and sifts through files upon files of censuses.

She eventually finds the right scroll and brings it over to the table, laying it next to the new one. The honest work takes hours, but she knows it's necessary. The culprit is in these scriptures, somewhere just below a first and last name. She feels like a librarian, sniffing out the proper adjectives to use from a thesaurus. As she continues, she scratches out repeating names with her nails. Admittedly, the queen has no idea if she's doing this right, for they didn't account for a psychopathic crime of this magnitude. In the future, she dreams of building a fire station of Babylon's medieval/Romanesque design.

At the end of the day, she circles three names, and her heart shatters when she does. The perpetrators are Monica, Edward, and Stacey Stanson. What does this mean? Why did they go off the rails suddenly? To her, they were adapting pretty well, especially after being out in the Wild for so long. She wonders if there's any chance of catching and bringing justice to these criminals. Most importantly, she thinks about if the Stansons are already reverting back to their tribalistic habits.

The queen follows her urge to look out the window. The city's nightlife from this perspective always entertains her. There isn't any snow today, but it still covers the kingdom. Soldiers work by lantern to clear cobblestone driveways, muddy streets, and wherever else the Babylonians frequent. Still, most of the civilians remain indoors. Babylon is a city of mystery. There are many twists and turns in the social climate as it is, and these people are about to experience war. The realism hits her like a train, and she personifies her anxiety with one movement: by turning away.

In the hospital, Forrest lies awake, restless. The vaccination is coming soon, and the only symptoms he's showing are hot flashes. According to the redhead, it should be ready in a few days. Since he's the king, he gets his own room. However, it feels more like quarantine. The voices keep talking to him, forcing his insomnia.

Not knowing what else to do, he stands up. When he does, his vision warps and twists like an LSD flashback. He wearily stumbles into the corridor, roaming the stone halls of Babylon's own Waverly Hills Sanitarium. He arrives at a door, the room behind it containing sick patients. He opens the door and sneaks into the chamber, wherein he gazes over the civilians until finding a slumbering Heather.

He nudges her awake; she wipes her eyes.

"What… is it?" she asks, half-conscious.

"Earlier, you asked me what my problem was." Forrest sighs. "I… I hear voices."