ARTIST: J.R. Mason
ALBUM: Babylon's Final Hours
CHAPTER: Chapter IV: San Francisco

A seventy-five foot wall of boxcars encompasses San Francisco, California. Within its boundaries, a society above Babylon continues to develop. This city, home to the Acolytes, has no districts or monarchies; its government is a democracy, and the people want to bring back the beliefs of Manifest Destiny and the American Dream. From its paved roads to its solar energy, one might think they're practicing what they preach. However, the facade of normalcy is just the tip of the iceberg. Everything from the outside is just a mirage; there is one hell of a devil in its details. For instance, they can worship whoever they believe in, but the catch is they have to swear their allegiances and life to the cult. Considering newcomers (like the Babylonians) think San Francisco is the last society, they oblige.

The cult itself believes in capitalism, human trafficking, and slavery. An embargo prevents them from violating their ideologies; they print money at a minting facility on Alcatraz Island, and they host human auctions in their great basalt cathedrals. They don't dare step beyond the walls, for safety is nonexistent without them. The men, women, and children all appear identical; they wear white cloaks, some of which have hoods, but those that do belong to close friends of Ignatius. Their behaviors reflect the practices of the Ku Klux Klan; for instance, they pile books upon each other, ignite them, and dance around the flames. They do this with crosses, and sometimes they conduct live crucifixions of Alcatraz prisoners for entertainment. Plantations cover most of the land, and slaves from the wild work on their grounds. The main things they farm are cranberries, corn, wheat, rice, and rye. A strict diet is necessary when you're in a cult, and it's the main thing that keeps everyone docile, for when you meet everyone's needs, what is there to complain about?

Still unlike Babylon, the Convergence also believes in imperialism, and they seek to conquer everything they can. Power is their game, and capitalism/imperialism is a surefire way to victory. However, despite this perception, their ideals might have a strange appearance to sane individuals. In fact, if you can see them now, their actions encapsulate the failure of the American Dream. The saying goes that the road to hell is paved with good intentions, and the Convergence can't bring enough truth to that. When you hold on to something that started as a lie, you try everything you can to make it real, and you can't bring yourself to acceptance. The city is as chaotic as a 1970s Orlando on a Saturday night. If it wasn't for the veil of normalcy, the place would fall as quickly as it came up.

The society acts like a rolling wave, especially when it comes to trends. One second, crowds treat one object as if it's the messiah, and the next they glorify another pointless item. Greed gives them short attention spans, but the "need" for wealth and reputation blinds them from seeing this. In fact, an unspoken rule in the Convergence is no money means you have no reputation, so if you don't have a plan, you become a dog. Beneath Ignatius' friends, the Convergence is split into three social categories: pigs, sheep, and dogs. The pigs are plantation owners, well-known figures who live in mansions, and anyone who's sociopathic about rising to the top. The sheep are the nameless faces in the city, the crowds, the fleeting faces you see out of the corners of your eyes. They have next to no purpose in the Convergence, but they can't know that, and propaganda/manipulation prevents them from discovering this. The dogs are hobos, misunderstood artists, and people itching to find their voice. To those out of the loop, it's easy to find out who fits into these categories after being told about them.

There are over 80,000 survivors living in San Francisco, and it outshines Babylon by several milestones. Amidst the ruckus, there are few people who want and do change everything, and these select people are known as the Greats. They reinvent all the necessities and implement them into their daily routines, like solar grids, trains, trolleys, and zeppelins for warfare. Their army has a general that's both stronger and smarter than Alex, and they can easily overpower Babylon's militia. Everyone has their ideas about antagonists, but the Convergence brings an entirely new perspective to the definition. If you think Lovecraft's Cthulhu is the harbinger of doom, that's because you've never met this strange society.

In a Brownstone apartment, Hellen Schroder gazes out a dust-covered window. Her brown, frizzy hair stretches down to her calves, and her dark skin blends in well with the bedroom. She works part-time as an electrician for some of the city's most prominent projects; sometimes she works on solar grids, others engines. It depends on the mood of the day, really. However, her job isn't as important as her revolutionary beliefs. After years of experiencing Ignatius' reign, she holds a strong hatred towards "democracy". This isn't the way things should be, but the people are stuck in an unbreakable trance. The worst part about her awareness is that she stands alone. Despite that, her gut tells her to hold on to what she supports, for a woman is lost without her beliefs.

She watches as the city's industrial gates swing open, and her mouth drops upon seeing Ignatius in front of a horde of guarded prisoners. However, she cringes, for the President oftentimes acts like a child when he displays power. This is not real democracy; if it were, the President wouldn't have this much power. The President is only supposed to be the face of the country, their decisions based on a majority vote from the people. What Ignatius projects is nothing more than fraudulent views, and his charisma is the only thing bolstering them.

Turning away from the window, she finds herself facing a wall. Blueprints of Alcatraz Island cover it, and she can't help but to smile. The future is bright for those prisoners, for this one-woman revolution will be inspirational. The sacrifice is necessary.

In Ignatius' crowd of Babylonian slaves, Wes Preston examines the area around him. This territory gives off horrible vibes, and some areas remind him of the ghettos of World War 2. The President leads the way to an unknown location, his armed guards patrolling all sides of the awestruck newcomers. No teen should ever have to experience something like this, but life is an unfair game of constantly changing patterns.

They arrive at Pier 33, the dock for Alcatraz's ferry. The boat awaits the prisoners, and the guards push and shove the Babylonians aboard, disregarding their pleads for mercy. To Wes, the scene is like the River of Styx, and Charon is their ferryman. The kid tries retaining calmness, and he looks for Fink and Anna, but to no avail. The last time he saw them was a week ago; it's like they're just… nonexistent. He focuses on the cold, treacherous waters of San Francisco Bay, with Alcatraz looming ominously over his fate. What cold, terrible trials await him? Is there any shred of innocence left? At this rate, Babylon won't be able to liberate them; there're too many rings to jump through.

The ferry starts up, and the kid vomits out of fright. The trip to the island doesn't last long, and faux, self-proclaiming officers board the boat, only to escort its occupants onto another dock. Around them, snipers in watchtowers aim their guns at the new arrivals. This is all a game, and when they begin the trek to the top of the hilly landmass, this couldn't be more apparent, for the snipers pick them off one by one as they pass Building 64, Sally Port, and the ruins of the Officer's Club. It's times like this wherein Wes is thankful for being short, but he still keeps his head down, examining the bodies, hallucinating dead friends.

They reach the top of the hills, where a menacing cellhouse awaits. Algae covers its gray, cracking walls, and barnacles accompany the natural overgrowth. Red, flickering candles sit on the interior windowsills, their flames illuminating the rusty bars. A salty smell blows through the warm summer air, and the seagulls call in the distance.

The cellhouse's door opens, revealing a beaten, strong warden. She dons SWAT gear and wields a black baton. The doors close behind her as she examines the weak, tired crowd. These people just made a five-month journey, and their dirty appearance proves it. Some sob over the recent deaths, others are too scared to look away.

"Welcome to the Rock," she says with a heavy midwestern accent. "My name is Melisa Howards, and you listen to me. Whatever Ignatius desires for you, I'll carry it out. If he says to execute you, I will without hesitation. Once you're in this facility, you belong to him and I. I assign you your job, and I tell you who you are. In other words, don't get comfortable. Do I make myself clear?" Silence. "Good. Follow me inside."

The Babylonians reluctantly follow her, for the snipers will kill them all if they don't. Inside the administration block, the Warden beats down a miner before them. They all give her their undivided attention. Behind her, a vicious cell door with a maze of terror on the other side.

"Undress," she demands.

As they do, guards from the block's hallways flood into the Entrance Corridor. The Warden dons a mask, and the armed henchmen bombard the Babylonians with tear gas. Wes scratches his young eyes, weakly falling to his knees and blacking out.

Several hours later, the kid wakes up in the bottom bunk of a cell. Looking down at himself, he sees that he now wears an orange prison jumpsuit. He hears breathing from the top bunk and investigates to find that his cellmate is Fink. Wes lets out a sigh of relief; one familiar face makes this slightly more bearable. He sits down, gazing out into the corridor. Along the top edges of the walls, guards use protected walkways (gun galleries) to move safely around the prison. The guards themselves carry guns ranging from M1 Garands to flamethrowers. More artillery rests in the armory, waiting to combat against any threat. Cells line the opposite wall, containing the shells of distant souls. The fresh meat appears anxious, whilst the cold cuts appear stern. That's what time does to you when a metal box becomes your home, especially when it's on an island in the middle of a fortress. From the looks of things, Wes is the youngest one here. If he wants to escape, he has to leave his naiveté behind. What is Stacey going to think of what he becomes?

On the other side of the city, Ignatius stands in the study of his estate (Clayriver). Beside him, Merlin Monroe, who gawks at the similarities between their tastes in authors. Gazing 'round, the teacher spots an entire section for the economy. Volumes upon volumes; books might as well be this room's paint. How does one man absorb all this information in one lifetime? Monroe then starts for the back of the study, where a fireplace rests. The flames illuminate seven portraits of unknown males above it.

Ignatius notices his interest. "They're all the Presidents before me."

"Your terms are a bit off."

"Did I ever say our version of democracy is perfect? As long as there're people temporarily in power, who cares?"

The teacher faces him. "What's going to happen to the Babylonians on Alcatraz?"

"Believe me, if I were you, that would be the least of my worries."

"And why's that?"

"You have work to do. There are things we need that I don't have the time to focus on. That's where you come in. We need indoor plumbing, irrigation systems, and a sewage plant. Do you think you can help us?"

"Will you leave Babylon alone?"

"Merlin, don't you see that's up to them? I only took the miners because they were out in the open, waiting to be plucked by someone bigger than them. It's our job to conquer the weak; it says so in our Constitution."

"What about Alex? The knights? Can you rationalize that?"

The President shrugs his shoulders. "They wanted a fight. We don't tolerate that kind of nonsense, and I expect Babylon has those same principles." He starts for the exit. "There's a bathroom on the other side of the hall. Go to it."

Now in the ornate bathroom, the Babylonian stands in front of a clear mirror. Everything is too clean for his liking; after all, his only frame of reference for normalcy is an unsanitary medieval kingdom. Behind his reflection, a white robe, its hood dangling from a metal hook. In his hands, scissors and a razor. Am I against the Monarchy? Raising the appliances to his head, he cuts everything off. His hair falls lifelessly to the tiled floors, and he can't help but to long for the Echo he knew in Colorado, the one that found him cowering in the firetruck. He stares at his reflection uncomfortably, for he doesn't see a cult member… he sees a Babylonian. Donning the robe, he exits the bathroom.

That night, he stays awake, gazing at the wooden ceiling. Taking deep breaths, he feels the anxiety of an impending conflict. In the distance, Ignatius' Golden Eagle caws, as if confirming his suspicions. Imagine being underwater and, unbeknownst to you, a Great White lurks closely behind, its mouth wide open, and its hunger fierce. Babylon is going to lose unless they can get help. Despite his feelings towards the Monarchy, innocent people still live in the kingdom. He sees no other option besides becoming a spy, and that entails working with the people he hates and ultimately against his beliefs. He sits up, thinking that the road to the least casualties is the right one, no matter how treacherous it seems. It's either be a slave in a foreign land, or be a slave in a familiar one with fame being an advantage instead of a reminder of his maltreatment. For the sake of the people, he opts for the latter. After all, that's what Babylon is supposed to represent: humanity. And from the looks of things, there's no room for that here.

In her apartment, Hellen Schroder smiles, for a riot on Alcatraz is inevitable. She kneels before all the plans, bomb equipment, and a flyer calling for an electrician to repair fuse boxes in the island's Powerhouse. Considering her fifteen-year experience in the field, she's bound to get the job. If she does, not only will she have a clever pretense for going there, she'll also be able to contact the prisoners in secrecy. Five years of planning is paying off; she can feel passion beating through her body. All she needs is the right moment. Whenever it comes, it'll change the course of the world's uncertain future.

On Alcatraz, Wes and Fink remain awake several hours into this strange, historical night. Hope stems from here, and although it's slim, seeds grow into trees. Fink feels guilty about the miners; he could have stopped it, and he regrets not being more cautious. He's responsible for every death, injury, and trauma, and this makes him weep. He doesn't want to hurt people, for companionship is stronger than harm. The memories of that horrific event mark the beginnings of his descent into the world of PTSD.

"It's not your fault," Wes retorts. "You can't prepare for everything."

"You can't change the facts, kid. People died."

"You aren't a murderer. Do you know how you can prove the world wrong? It's here; you can help me break everyone out."

"Wes! You're too young, and-"

"Hamilton was only fourteen when he started changing things. Nothing's impossible with a plan."

"I don't know."

"Come on! You're capable of pulling this off. Imagine the people who're suffering right now because we aren't doing anything. We can make names for ourselves."

Fink crosses over to the cell's door. On the opposite side of the corridor, Babylonians and California prisoners shift uncomfortably in their bunks. They're all lost, in need of someone with a passion for leadership. Is this really what their lives mount to? Should they let thirty years of labor go to waste? The kid admittedly has a point; this will make him a hero. How can someone so young be so damn understanding?

Facing Wes, Fink simply asks, "When do we start?"

The kid grins. "As soon as we accumulate into our jobs. We can't rush this; countless things can go wrong if we're not cautious."

"We should stick to finding Anna and learning about our rulers for now."

"Nope," Wes climbs into bed. "Now, we sleep. We'll do your agenda tomorrow."

The sun rises slowly over this odd realm, and in Ignatius' estate, Merlin lies awake. He had a dream he was in a relationship with a guy. Out of all the things happening right now, does he really need to think about his sexuality? He's still human; of course he does. He's never been in a relationship with a girl before. In fact, they don't attract him. Logic would say he's either gay or bisexual, but maybe he just hasn't met the right girl yet. Whatever it is, it doesn't matter in the end. What does is surviving this haunting situation long enough to gather accurate intelligence for Babylon.

Someone knocks on the door, and Merlin looks to see Ignatius upon its threshold. The Golden Eagle rests calmly on the glove-covered arm; it seems as though it's about to fall asleep. In the President's free hand, a black book embellished with crystalized skulls and fossilized herbs. The title reads: The Principles of Calvinism. From Ignatius' grimace, Merlin figures the novel has something to do with their outlandish beliefs.

"Who's Calvin?" he asks.

"Our first president. We honor him by following his orders verbatim." His crooked smile widens; it's like he's reliving a memory where he lived out a fantasy relationship. "Come on; you're gonna love today."

"Care to explain?"

"You're going to witness an initiation."

Ignatius leads the teacher through the magnificent, clean estate, and they reach its ornate, oaken doors. Before leaving, Merlin catches the President's fleeting insidious expression, and he gets a gut feeling that tells him to split. However, Babylonian nationalism broaches his urges. He's doing this for them.

In the streets, the spy examines the passing crowds, horse-drawn trolleys, and the stylish properties. Everyone looks like a complete doppelgänger of themselves all the way down to the genetic code. They purchase items in markets and mingle about pointless topics. The spy notices several haunting similarities between the social aspects of Babylon and San Francisco, but the most prominent difference is San Francisco's race issue. The majority of civilians are caucasian, and the only African-Americans are working on the plantations of mansions. The Irish and Asian work in odd jobs like construction or house care alongside the Mexicans, and when the caucasians work, they usually get a better job that provides a fruitful salary.

Merlin and Ignatius approach the doors of the largest cathedral in the city. From the outside, it looks like a bleak South Carolina asylum. It sticks out like a sore thumb, and it rises far above its neighboring competitors. The brick is of basalt, and the darkness accentuates dread. Ignatius sends his Golden Eagle into the sky, and they enter the devious structure.

Now in the cathedral's nave, Merlin grows nervous as he passes aisles of hooded figures. At the apse, a pianist plays the melody to This Land is Your Land by Woody Guthrie, and it doesn't stop until they reach the podium. Ignatius clears his throat and lays the book on it.

"All rise," the President commands.

They climb to their feet and pray in an ancient Middle Eastern language unknown to Merlin. Ignatius then points to the Babylonian, declaring him the initiate. Merlin's heart drops, and from the end of the nave emerges two followers holding a squealing pig; between its cries, it sounds like someone begging for mercy. Ignatius hands Merlin a ruby dagger, and instructs the Babylonian to gut the swine. The spy does so, and blood washes over the dark floorboards. It flows into the nave, and the pig writhes on the ground, its intestines spilling around itself.

The Babylonian observes the other-worldly behavior in the room, and he wonders if the Monarchy will think this is authentic. And he thought living in a kingdom was weird. He's feeling a forgotten brew of emotions ranging from excitement to regret; it makes him think of the early days and how insane everyone was. Sweat drips down his forehead, and he backs into Ignatius, who shoves him to the blood-covered ground.

With the ritual ending on a successful note, the chamber turns into a circus of laughter and cheers. Ignatius congratulates Merlin, yanking him to his feet. Who knew animal sacrifice could be so celebratory?

That evening, they prepare a feast in the nave, its centerpiece Merlin's pig. Who was the first leader, and how did he have such an influence? Are any of the previous Presidents still alive? Where are they, if this is the case? One answer burrows into a labyrinth of questions unanswerable for those who desire sanity.

Merlin, standing next to Ignatius, dares to ask the President these questions, but the laughter and routines of the chamber prevents the spy from getting anything. His attempt a failure, he consumes the breadth of the Convergence's wrath. The night goes on, and more members of Ignatius' inner circle show up, bestowing upon the feast wine and cheese, presumably made by their slaves. Merlin plays the game, anxiety driving his every step. Imagine having a dream that's so real you can't distinguish it from now. That's how the teacher feels; first a kingdom, now a cult. Can things get any more convoluted? Despite these worries, Ignatius and Merlin get along well at the party. They chat about the old days, and Merlin finds out that the President was in the Vietnam War. He was nineteen then, and he's almost fifty now. Time has a unique way of making us feel uncomfortable, and Ignatius sees this when he looks into the mirror, knowing the end is a mere twenty years away. Merlin can't help but to understand this; however, no matter what, you can't sympathize with your enemy.

The feast concludes, and everyone shakes the Babylonian's hand. After they file out of the building in a single-file line, Ignatius and Merlin gawk at the mess behind them. With determination, they finish the job in four hours.

"You do this with every newcomer?" Merlin asks, tying up a garbage bag.

"Yes; Calvin says so. What he demands, we provide."

"Who's Calvin, exactly?"

Ignatius lays down his bag, sighing. "He's our prophet. We hail him because he gave us this great society. The wisdom he had puts me to shame, in all honesty. When he died, we buried him in the crypt beneath this very cathedral. Follow me."

Merlin drops his bag, and he and the President reach a small door along the wall behind the podium. The President opens it, and they descend into a winding world of endless mysticism. When they reach the crypt, Merlin finds tunnels of bones and skulls branching off in every direction for countless miles.

"The Catacombs are the most haunting part about this place," Ignatius admits.

The damp air makes it hard to breathe, and the poisonous, unknown chemicals are without a doubt disturbing their respiratory systems. Ignatius crosses over to a small, wooden chest. From his robe, he produces a key that matches its lock. After opening it, he pulls out two masks. Merlin takes one and holds it in his hands; it's black, covers your entire head and neck, and it even comes with goggles for your eyes. The oddest thing about it is that the part that shields your nose and mouth extends outward, ending at a point like a beak. Putting it on, Merlin smells posies.

"It's like one of those Plague Doctor outfits," he says, chuckling.

Ignatius dons his. "My advice: don't touch anything down here. Several people have contracted diseases like tuberculosis."

"You should design suits or something."

"We tried that, but diseases change and mutate, and when they use countless corpses as a breeding ground, anything can happen. Who knows if these masks even work?"

They happen upon a grand, oversized coffin that protrudes from the muddy ground. The metallic plate on its lid reads, "Christopher Calvin, 1936-1962. Cause of death: suicide." Merlin rereads the last word over and over again. Why would someone like that kill themselves? He shouldn't even bother asking questions anymore, for their answers reek of confusion. All around the Babylonian, the eyeholes of human skulls glare at him beneath flickering torches. Is there anything innocent in this cold world, or did all of it go extinct even before its end? He backs away from the site, turns, and leaves. Ignatius remains, praying over the casket.

Back on Alcatraz, Fink sits quietly in the Warden's office. His heart races; he hasn't stopped shaking since he sat down. The Warden sits on the other side of a desk, examining him. She clears her throat, climbs to her feet, and walks over to a filing cabinet. After pulling out a folder, she returns to her desk, opens it, and Fink watches as two small bags fall to the desktop. Inside, white powder. Smiling, the Warden removes her SWAT helmet, and red, frizzy hair flows down her shoulders. Bandages cover her left ear, and a scar along the length of her forehead makes her look like the victim of a psychology experiment. If she's strong enough to survive a head injury in a time with almost no medical science, what else is she capable of? The Warden unzips the bags and lines up the powder. She produces a $100 bill from her pocket, rolls it up in a cylindrical shape, and snorts the powder.

She twitches, saying, "I'm gonna make you the best fucking person here. What were you before?"

"A miner."

She punches the desk. "A miner! Fantastic!" Another twitch. "We'll… uh… are you good with mechanical shit?"

"Well, I-"

"Good! We'll put you in the Powerhouse. Your first day is today. Go there now."

"You've got no idea what you're doing, do you?"

"Excuse me?"

"You pretend you're intimidating, but you're a coward. I'm not afraid of you."

The Warden spits in his face. "Did you forget that I can execute you for whatever reason? Don't fucking tempt me."

Fink wipes away the glob. "Do you believe in karma?"

The Warden grins. "I am karma. Now, get the fuck out of my office and tell the guards where to send you. If you lie to them, I'll find out. You know what happens then."

Fink grunts and leaves. The Warden loses her mind, and she jumps around the room, giggling. The euphoria distracts her from dark thoughts, and her compulsive thinking ceases. However, during the comedown, memories spark in her mind, and fifteen minutes later, she finds herself sobbing at the desk, her hands covering her face. Why did she hurt him? She's the cause of Ignatius' pain, and she can't make him better. The only reason she's alive right now is because of his mercy, which only makes her feel more guilt. They used to be so happy together, but now all that remains between them are small, awkward interactions.

She feels like she's losing control of herself, for her cocaine use disrupts vital parts of her daily routine. Despite this, she doesn't stop; she can't. Her brain is too fucked up. Being high is the only thing that helps her escape these terrible feelings. In the end, isn't that why any of us do drugs? And in her case, when all you do is hurt people beyond repair, is there any other way out of that winding path?

She looks up from the desk, wiping tears away. She has to move on somehow; she needs to kick this addiction so she can be a greater leader. Most importantly, she has to get Ignatius back. Only then will the puzzle be complete.

Two guards shove Fink towards the front doors of the intimidating Powerhouse. From the front lawn, they hear generators humming, whistles blowing, and electricity sparking. The horrors of this place are immeasurable, and Fink feels whatever's beyond those doors is going to bring him pain. This is the most dangerous area on the island, not because of its conditions, but because of its purpose. If anybody messes up their duties, the cellhouse's doors open (they're on a grid), and the island will go into chaos. The Warden will find the person responsible and kill them. If she doesn't, someone else will. Fink realizes this riot will have to be as organized as possible with every contingency recognized.

They enter the building, wherein a maze of metal corridors and endless hallways awaits the Babylonian. Somehow this is more terrifying than the prison. He passes enslaved workers, and what gets him are their stares of confusion. They have no idea what they're doing, but maybe that's the point. Fink sees that the guards divide the workers into teams, with one instructor leading the way. All the instructors appear to be oppressive, and they purposely hold valuable knowledge just to keep their team ignorant. Ignatius' men carry corpses on cots, and Fink catches sight of all the danger signs. This is the personification of capitalism. Nobody has any rights here, and nobody gets a chance to form a union. This is a prison camp.

His captors station him at one of the countless electric generators, and his team's leader is a woman with dark skin and curly hair. She's different from the others, for her smile brings him and the other teammates warmth. She notices the Babylonian. "And you are?"

"Fink."

Stretching out her hand, she introduces herself. "Hellen. It's nice to meet you. Since it's your first day, I'll teach you the very basics of working with machinery like this." She whispers, "Unlike the others here, I don't want to see you dead."

He accepts the handshake. "How long have you been here for?"

"I just started today. One look at my resume, and they put me as a team lead. I worked on hundreds of electrical grids in the city."

Fink warms up to the kindhearted acolyte. She teaches the crew how generators convert mechanical energy into electrical power, and she shows them blueprints and techniques on how to maintain these massive machines. She puts Fink in charge of the engine, and the others on the fuel system, alternator, voltage regulator, cooling and exhaust systems, lubrication systems, battery charger, and control panel. Fink looks over his shoulder and realizes that the island only runs off this type of power to oppress the prisoners. This island can run off solar or wind power; it's a deliberate choice. Despite this, Hellen shows everyone how to do their job properly, a complete opposite approach from the others in her position. The day passes by, and they sweat off an honest day's work.

Thirty minutes before leaving, Hellen pulls Fink aside when the guards change their posts.

"What is it?" he asks.

"Untie your shoe."

He does. "And?"

Hellen drops a folded up piece of paper. "Act natural. Hide that, and read it when you can." She returns to helping the team, not knowing if she made the right choice.

Fink, feeling hope for the first time since he saw Babylon, bends over, places the note beneath the tongue of his shoe, and ties it. The final whistle blows throughout the Powerhouse, and the guards file everyone out of the building, only to escort the night crew into its careless corridors.

Now in his cell, Fink turns away from its door and produces the note. Unfolding it, it reads in ink:

Dear prisoner,

If you received this, it means you are going to get out of here. My name is Hellen Schroeder, and I am against Ignatius' government. I am planning a riot from the outside, and I need your help in formulating a plan. At my apartment, I have blueprints of the prison; I know it like the back of my hand. I have the beginnings of the event planned out, but I need your help in filling in the gaps.

Step 1: Create a diversion
Step 2: Cut off the island's power supply
Step 3: A slave uprising on the mainland to distract the military
Step 4: A complete overthrow of the island

This is how far I've gotten. Step 3 is essential to our victory; we need those slaves. When this day comes, all of our work will be worth it. If you have any ideas, please jot them down in the empty spaces below and give this paper back to me.

Sincerely, Ms. Schroeder

Fink folds up the note again and slides it under the cell's bunkbed. Behind him, the door opens, and he turns to see guards push a beaten Wes to the ground. They slam the door shut and lock it with a skeleton key, laughing as they walk away. Fink pulls the bleeding kid to his feet, and he sits him down on the bottom bunk. The kid's left eye is swollen shut, and blood spews out of the corners of his mouth.

"What happened?" Fink demands.

"They… I… fucked up. She threw me in the mint facility, and I fucked up. The guards took me to her office, and she beat me with a fucking skull." He hugs his legs. "We have to get out of here… I can't take this."

"I have a note."

The kid wipes away some blood. "What note?"

Fink explains his day, and he reaches under the bed to prove its existence. "Read it."

Wes obliges. "So… that's that?"

"Yes, all we need is something to write with."

"Can't you just ask her to bring a pen?" he shivers. "I… I don't want to risk anything."

"I'll see what I can do. All we need is time, kid." He hugs the crying boy. "It's going to be okay."

The next morning, Merlin wakes up to a stormy day. He jumps when he hears Ignatius' golden eagle cry; he'll never get used to that thing. He climbs out of bed, crosses over to a dresser, and produces the white hooded robe from a drawer. Donning it, he turns to the room's door to see Ignatius standing in its doorway. Instead of a robe, the President wears a Hazmat suit; he holds another one in his hands.

"What?" Merlin asks.

"I'm going to show you something since you're part of the inner circle."

The teacher removes his robe in frustration. "Give it to me."

The President does, and the Babylonian wears the suit, feeling humiliation. They exit the estate, where a limo awaits them on the driveway; its driver looks lost in her thoughts, but she snaps back into reality when they climb into the vehicle's backseats. Merlin watches the world outside as the limo starts up, backs out of the driveway, and zooms down the road. How do these people even have functioning cars? Are their mechanics really that good? Did Forrest deliberately keep this knowledge hidden on purpose? The more he's alive, the more Merlin hates the Monarchy and the President. No man should ever be in this position; it's too difficult to comprehend. The only thing he knows is that he can't be alone. Sometimes he thinks that's the very thing that's going to kill him one day, and maybe he's right.

The limo approaches the city's gate; it slowly opens as they drive into the broken world, and it closes after they pass it. The area around San Francisco reminds Merlin of the destruction left behind after the blast of an atomic bomb. He remembers what it was like during the Cold War. He had bomb drills in his school on a regular basis, and the class was shown anti-communist propaganda. That's all everyone would talk about: the pros of capitalism, and the cons of communism. It was rare to find an unbiased source of information, which is what Merlin wanted. He has to see both sides of an argument before he can come to a rational conclusion. He gazes out towards a wheat field; most of the crops are burnt, and the charred remains of silos and barns paint themselves in contrast to the bright blue sky. Nothing is the same anymore; he can't imagine people tending this area. In the distance, a mountain range comes into view. They drive for several hours; the Babylonian falls asleep as they pass through abandoned towns and cities. The car jolts to a stop, and he wakes up, seeing the driver in her own hazmat suit.

They exit the car, high in the mountains. Ignatius guides Merlin by the hand over to the edge of a rockface, and the three stare down towards the valley below. The Babylonian's mouth drops, for what awaits him is an endless ocean of infected. The growls sound like the lowest pitch of a howling storm, and their skin is as black as boiling tar. Dark blood spews out of their sores and blisters; flies swarm around them while maggots nest inside their organs. A foul, hellish odor rides with the passing wind, and Merlin feels nauseous. Imagine the diseases brewing and mutating down there. Pathogens with the potential to end entire societies.

"What… is this?" Merlin stammers.

"When you want to be an effective leader," Ignatius starts, "you come up with ideas on how to get what you want. Fear is a surefire way to do that. When you beat someone up and drag them here in the middle of the night against their will, you gain their respect and submission. We show those people death, and they beg for mercy."

"How do you keep them alive?"

Ignatius watches the infected sea. "There're always enough children. The young rejuvenate the infected. We need to control our population growth anyway. Think of it as… a trash can. Enough of that, though. I brought you here because I need something: information about Babylon."

"I thought you weren't going to do anything to them."

"I lied. From what I saw, they had a lot of shit, and most of it is useful to our condition. I want to know about what I didn't see."

The limo's driver produces a pistol and strikes Merlin on the back of his head. She stands behind him, ready to kill. The Babylonian falls to his knees, groaning in agony; the ratio isn't in his favor. He examines the infected, and it's as if they're begging him to comply. One kick sends him over the edge, one bite sends him to his doom.

"What do you want to know?" Merlin asks, stammering.

"What kind of guns do they use?"

He keeps Timothy out of this. "Just flintlocks, canons, and bows and arrows. We aren't as sophisticated as you think."

"Bullshit! You have an entire area dedicated to mining! You're advanced; you're just hiding it."

The driver strikes Merlin again, this time on his neck. "Speak," she growls.

"Your government," Ignatius states. "What is it?"

"It's a… monarchy."

"Who rules? A king or a queen?"

"Both."

"Then it's not a monarchy; kings and queens never rule at the same time."

"That's the thing; our flaws are their advantages. Forrest, our king, is a lot like you. He does things like that because he rules through manipulation; he lulls people into a false sense of security, and that's when he strikes. He has you before he knows you."

At first, Ignatius wanted conflict. Now he wants compromise. Imagine having someone of this caliber on his side; imagine the power!

The President kneels. "Do you think he can meet me?"

"After what you did with the miners? The army?"

"That's what we do with all vulnerable people; that's why we didn't attack Babylon. They were easy targets for us. We're why you shouldn't let your guard down."

Merlin closes his eyes. "I don't know how you can meet him. They could be making their way here right now. Don't you think it's safer to stay put?"

"Get in the car," Ignatius demands. "I'll deal with it."

Back in the city, the Warden sits alone in her office. Candles flicker, illuminating the queer decor of human skulls. Her door opens, and her heart drops upon seeing Ignatius stepping over the threshold. She leaps to her feet, wanting to hug him, but something stops her. They stand in silence, as if they're watching each other's ghost. The Warden opens her mouth, but the glare on the President's face sends a silencing message. He scans the room, noticing the smeared lines of coke on the desk. A disdainful sigh escapes his mouth, and he starts for the door.

"Wait!" she begs. "Please… wait."

Ignatius pauses. "If I tell you to do something, will you do it?"

"Will you love me?"

"If you complete my assignment, I'll reconsider."

"Okay… What is it?"

"I need you to go to Seattle. There's a group there; a big one. I have to get in contact with their leaders."

She nods her head, not caring about the repercussions. "I'll do it for you."

Ignatius kisses her. "Thank you."

Now in his estate, the President stands in a dark room. One light dangles over a post, and on top of it rests the Golden Eagle. The animal's green, grass-colored eyes dart across the room; it lets out a shriek, much to Ignatius' approval. He produces a live rat from his pocket and holds it in front of the eagle's beak. Without hesitation, the beast clamps out on the creature and swallows it whole. Ignatius pets the bird, proud of being its owner. He's seen the bird kill in battle; it stuns the opponent by appearing out of the sky and then kills them. It acts like a guided missile. Loyal pets must have loyal owners. The door opens, and a strange light illuminates the room for a moment until it closes again, leaving the room's occupants in almost complete darkness.

"Why don't you get more lanterns?" Merlin asks.

The President sighs. "She likes it this way. Too much light all day obstructs her vision. She's… fragile like that."

The Babylonian approaches the pole. "What's her name?"

"Athena."

"How did you find her?"

"I was in the Vietnam War. We were in the mountains, and my platoon came across this nest. It was weird, seeing it in the middle of all the trauma. Anyway, we saw eggs. One of them hatched, and Athena's head was sticking out. A few feet from the nest, its mother. It was shot down out of the sky. That struck me. Athena was going to die, and everyone was too caught up in the war to notice the little things. I wanted to change that. I saved and raised her during the war, and we grew close. Now… we're here."

"How old is she?"

"In her forties. I don't have the exact number in my head right now."

"Ignatius, why do you have the pit?"

"When I was in the war, I supported the fight against communism. I wanted us to win. We didn't, but our society stands because capitalism is still here. That pit represents the power it holds over these people."

"I don't think that's a fair argument. Communism is a moneyless society. Babylon doesn't use money, and we're doing relatively fine. Although we aren't communists, bartering works for us. All societies have their own ways; we can't downright abolish ideas simply because we don't agree with them. These isms are vulnerable to change; why we don't fix them is beyond my understanding."

"I thought you were in my inner circle, not Babylon's."

The teacher stays quiet.

The President moves towards the door. "Let me show you how things work here in the simplest way possible." He leads the Babylonian through the estate and onto an ornate balcony. In the distance, slaves work on plantations, and a cloud of smog forms over the city. Merlin stares in awe at the pollution, a silent killer.

The President rests his hands on the balcony's safety rails. "When you control the money supply, you control the people; when you become the money supply, you hold all the power you can dream of. I am now your leader. You will do as I ask, and you will not speak against my word again. Is that clear?"

"Yes, sir."

"Good."

Outside San Francisco, the Warden walks through the land confidently. Her feet brush across the overgrown weeds that sprout upward from the cracking roads. Dawn is breaking, and it's as if the sky looks like the brew in a painter's crucible. She scans the landscape; nothing but emptiness. One can't understand the true nature of loneliness until they behold this Hell on Earth. It's still a game, no matter the disorder. That word reverberates in her mind as if it hides under the bashes of a gong. Disorder always intrigues her; it's not the state itself, but the fact that it can lead to order. How can such a chaotic idea bring organization to even the most heinous of situations?

Buildings creak and settle around her; it's as if she's living in a giant house with wooden framework. Their rumbles mimic her singing stomach, and she grows desperate for food. Reaching into her pocket, the Warden produces a small, metallic dagger. She pauses, examining an engraving of the number 33 in its hilt. Sure, her family has Freemason blood, but what difference does it make now? She's no more special than the dirt on her shoe. She presses on, realizing her journey is larger than her self-deprecation. This is her love life on the line. And so, she endures the miles of post-apocalyptic land. The days pass; she finds wild game, but no other humans. There's no beat left in the earth. No signs of life on this coast, at least, not from her perspective. Maybe there are people hiding in the bushes, waiting for the perfect moment to attack and slit her throat. That's just how it is now, and it will always be like this. The strangest part about it is that it mimics how she felt in the real world. Lost, drained, and alone. There's always this paranoia following her; it lingers behind winding trails of thoughts like the black smoke that erupts from exhaust pipes. She distracts herself by finding patterns in this skeletal world. Patterns in the peeling plaster of decaying walls, in rusty cars, and in the cracking asphalt. She spends many cold nights in the withering foundations of firehouses, police stations, schools, post offices, malls, and anywhere else that has a roof. The only thing that makes her feel safe is the lack of the infected ones.

Tonight, she sleeps against the trunk of a birch tree, exhaustion, hunger, and thirst winning. Above her, a trembling, gray sky. Rain pelts her body softly at first, but the storm drenches her within five minutes. She doesn't move; she's too weak. All of our demons catch up to us eventually. She gazes down at her dagger's hilt; it protrudes from her pocket and has a mocking presence. She's too weak to even cut her own wrists, to put an end to this terrible nightmare. She stares ahead, into the distant woods. The winding branches and leaves look different now, and something about this place provokes a sense of powerlessness. Looking down at her legs, she sees nature's floor covering them. Insects crawl over her arms and neck, and they bite and pick at her skin.

She hears a wolf howling in the distance; with every cry, it seems to get closer and closer to her location. The hunched beast emerges before her, licking its curly lips beneath the falling rain. It growls as it circles her tree, and in its glowing red eyes, the Warden sees pure evil. If there can be proof of the Devil, this is it. Hell is right here on Earth, and it's the last thing she's going to see. Gazing down at the mocking dagger, the Warden is too weak to even reach for it. What other choice does she have now besides giving up? It's not like Ignatius is serious about his offer. The beast's stomach growls, but before it pounces, a spear strikes its head, and it collapses to the cold earth. A few minutes pass, and nobody reveals themselves. She numbs herself to the tireless exhaustion and falls asleep.

When she wakes up, mud covers her skin. Worms, caterpillars, and other insects crawl through the soft earth, and she leaps to her feet, wiping nature off her shivering body. A few feet from her, the infected wolf. She examines the spear protruding from its head, takes it out, and raises it to the morning light. No designs, no carvings. She doesn't even know if they're watching her right now, hiding beneath dense foliage. Paranoia pushes her out of the woods and onto the open road. The sun beats down on her, and thirst quickly becomes a problem. No water. She hasn't had any in hours. Her tongue is as dry as the surface of Mars, and her lips are like the mud cracks of the Mojave Desert.

Holding her aching stomach, she limps down the road like a drunkard. Exhaustion never fails to ruin goals. Above her head, the sky darkens once more like a summer in Florida. To her surprise, it's only a drizzle. She presses on, forgetting about the light rainfall. What's her purpose? Is she as dead as the rest of the world? When one wanders a wasteland of burnt architecture and decay, one ponders on their existence. What's this senseless meeting going to accomplish? Some part of her thinks Forrest won't even agree because of what Ignatius is doing to their people. Who would want to team up with abductors? She pauses. She loves him, and she won't let him down because of her entitlement. Too stubborn to see reality, she stops asking these questions and distracts herself by observing the passing scenery. Miles and miles of absolute destruction. Comprehending the magnitude of the old world's ruins is like calculating an end to pi.

At noon, she walks by a mall. From its parking lot, a deer leaps onto her path. A spear flies out of nowhere and strikes the innocent animal through the eye; a precise hit. The Warden approaches the animal hesitantly, her head pounding. This spear is of the same design as the one that killed the wolf. Whirling around, she scans the surrounding structures. Nothing, not even a tumbleweed. A vulture circles the sky overhead. She ignores it, but an ominous feeling grows inside her chest. These hiding protectors are haunting her. Despite this fear, she needs to eat something, so she skins the deer with her dagger and roasts the raw meat over a cracking fire. The Warden devours the meat, leaving nothing for a desperate straggler.

She reaches Oregon, and when she spots the state's sign, her heart races. One step closer to ending this personal exodus. The Israelites, supposedly, wandered the desert for forty years. What she feels must be similar to how they felt, if the story is true. She doesn't understand religion; she doesn't know why Ignatius has his cult. She just wants him. He has the personality of a mobster, and the tenacity of Sisyphus. Everything he does is attractive to her. Although this obsession is unhealthy, she fails to recognize that because of how captivating he is.

During her gruesome Passover, her ghosts kill more animals for her to eat, and they even leave canteens full of water by the campfires in the middles of these cold nights. At some point, she gets lost, finding herself at Fort Stevens Stage Park, at the tip of the peninsula. She happens upon an old Civil War structure, its use lasting until 1947. On the night of June 21st-22nd, 1942, the Japanese fired 17 shells at this place. The Warden remembers learning about it in school, pondering on what future textbooks will be like. All the libraries are burnt; the human record is gone. What will happen now?

Here, she experiences the worst of cocaine withdrawal, becoming lethargic within the first hour of her arrival. Unable to reach out for help, and not knowing if the protectors are just drawing her into a trap, she remains here. Unforgettable, terrifying days pass, and they grow worse with each proceeding sunrise and sunset. Restlessness prevents the Warden from any form of a good night's rest, and she grows uncomfortable in her skin, and this discomfort makes her want to rip it all off, so she can finally free herself from this misery. Insomnia develops alongside the heat of freak night sweats, which make her body feel like she's roasting over a bottomless inferno. Her obsession with Ignatius spikes, for thinking about him is the only thing that brings stability in these dark hours. However, this invites delusional thoughts of her being his wife, and she believes they have a family in the mountains of California. Throughout this experience, her protectors still bring her gifts. Jars of food, cans of ice water. Why don't they just confront her or kill her within the masonry walls of this historical structure? Why can't she just take her dagger to her wrists to end this helpless opportunity? She regrets not bringing the drug, not bringing any supplies. A realization dawns on her: she did that intentionally. She wants to suffer. But why, and how did she do it unconsciously? Why didn't Ignatius tell her to bring anything? Well, he's probably too focused on other things; being the leader of a developing society doesn't entail leisure time. Each time she justifies his actions, the deeper she descends into this queer obsession.

The peak of this terrifying trip plateaus and descends into a downward spiral. It takes her endless days to recover, to rehabilitate back into her previous habits. She regains her strength slowly, first by walking, then hunting, then self-fulfillment. Her protectors don't provide the jars of food, but they still leave behind the cans of water. She wonders how they get all these supplies, what drastic measures that must be undertaken in order to achieve such a regular stockpile. Are these people friendly, or is this just another trap? These questions run through her broken mind, but she brushes them off for the sake of her own sanity. Conjuring her thoughts, her supplies, her courage, she exits the fort, preparing herself for an uncertain path. Has this crossing ever been done before? How could anybody know? Where would the records of their travels be?

On the road, she approaches a waiting area for the county's nonexistent transit route. In a neighboring newspaper stand, a clean booklet of maps of each individual state, sticking out like a sore thumb. Her protectors instantly cross her mind, but why would they wait until now to bring such an artifact to her? Picking it off the shelf, she flips to Oregon and traces her route to the state's northernmost border. Even more tireless days pass through this lonely, isolating life. She feels like a nomad, having no direction, no shelter, no purpose. Maybe that's what these survivors are all like, nameless, faceless people just filling the meaningless hole of a heartless, forgotten world. Maybe that's been in all of us since before this confusing downfall of humanity.

Reaching Washington, a silent breath of relief flows through her. Now wandering through the country's northwestern-most state, the Warden stumbles through empty cities, sleeps in small, abandoned structures, and roams over relics of a forgotten time. If future archeologists uncover this, there will be no end to the stories and claims they'll throw out. Today, humanity's legend reminds her of Egypt. With that being the case, Ignatius is a powerful, divine pharaoh.

On her final day, her feet reach Babylon's wooden drawbridge. Each time her blistering feet stamp across the fresh oak, she feels an aura of accomplishment and pride. How does this masterpiece manage to withstand the sands of time? The kingdom's walls and glaring archers loom over her; they stretch far above her head, protecting the protruding rooftops of the medieval buildings behind it. The boiling sun illuminates the Holy Land, and it gives the region a peaceful glow as she approaches the barred gateway. Here, she meets a weary, rough-looking gatekeeper who looks like a reincarnation of the Virgin Mary.

"Please," the Warden weakly mutters. "I need shelter; I've been on the road for the past few weeks. This is a matter of extreme importance."

The gatekeeper reluctantly pulls a lever inside the fortified gatehouse. "We have to pat you down; come in."

Above the Warden, the archers lower their weapons. She gladly enters the small masonry building, wherein the gatekeeper finds a dagger and a booklet of maps in her pockets.

"I'll take you to the Monarchy so they can talk to you," the gatekeeper explains. "You see that huge building, taller than the rest? That's where they live."

The Warden follows the Babylonian through this strange, original society. The acolyte watches how everyone behaves, and she quickly notices the lack of racist ideologies and currency. Taking note of this, she turns her judgements to the architecture. The simple wooden, hay roof buildings of fascinating dimensions contradict the modern, fading appearance of the Space Needle, accentuating the intention behind their designs. Whoever built Babylon like it is, did so deliberately. For what reason, she knows not, but nonetheless, they enter their destination and climb the tower's exhausting staircase to the Throne Room, where the gatekeeper knocks on its menacing doors.

The portal swings open, revealing an ornate, fanatical interior, and a man with a long, scruffy beard. The lines on his forehead accentuate his age, and a golden crown rests upon his head. A purple cape hangs off his shoulders and washes down his back like a waterfall, lagging a few feet behind him. The Warden feels like she's in an entirely new world.

He says to the gatekeeper, with a warm, inviting smile, "Good job, Samantha. You can return to your post now."

The king then gestures for the Warden to come in.

The door closes behind them, and he meets her at a large dining room table. A chandelier dangles down from the ceiling and flickers overhead, casting an ominous vibe around their inevitable, brutal discussion. The Warden doesn't know how to put this offer into words; if she doesn't say the right ones, she won't get what she wants. Everything, according to her, is at stake.

The king sits down in a chair. "My name is Forrest Wayley; and you are?"

"Marisa."

"Where are you from?"

"San Francisco."

"Well, you came a long way."

"It was difficult."

"I'd imagine."

"Listen… I'm actually on an assignment."

"Assignment? What kind of assignment?"

"Calsimier Ignatius, the man who killed your general, wants to meet you. He admires how you lead."

The horrible realization pries the king's mouth wide open. "You… you have my people, don't you?!" He bangs his fist on the tabletop. "Why the hell would I want to talk to him?!"

"Maybe you two can negotiate something! Like I said, he admires how you lead, and if things go well, if we come to a common understanding, then maybe, just maybe, I'll convince him to let your people free."

"Do you want to know what we've been doing all this time?!" Forrest snarls. "Maybe you don't; it's none of your business anyway. There is no room for negotiation when your people abduct mine in broad daylight! Where is the logic in you coming here?!"

"I walked… all this way from San Francisco… Humor me, please. Just meet with him and talk about the current state of affairs… I need this."

"You… need this?"

"Where can we meet him?" asks a soft, angelic, female voice from the back of the darkened room. She emerges, wearing a jewel-encrusted headpiece. "My name is Echo Ramirez. I'm interested."

"Echo-"

"With all due respect, honey, let me talk." The queen approaches the table. "Where can we meet him, Marisa? Do you have an address?"

"Fort Stevens, Oregon. It can be a temporary checkpoint between our two societies. If any conflict breaks out, it won't cause damage to our properties."

"Can you draw us a route?"

"Yes, but it'll take a while. Most of the roads are gone; traversing them is like wading through muck. The asphalt's just… dissolving."

Echo gives her a reassuring look. "You can stay in one of our inns for today."

Forrest's face turns blood red. "WHAT?"

Echo glares at him. "She can stay, and we'll have someone look after her." Turning to the Warden, she adds, "Tomorrow, we'll send you off to San Francisco with a rucksack full of provisions. However, you are still our enemy. We won't forget what you've done. But we're better than you, and we're going to prove it." This mortifies the king, and he abruptly leaves the area. The queen lowers her head and whispers, "Forgive me for the breadth of my mercy."

The Warden climbs to her feet, itching to get out. "I'm terribly sorry about that. Can you show me to one of your inns?"

Echo lurches back into reality. "Yes, follow me, please." She leads the harmless adversary all the way down the Needle's staircase.

They walk into the kingdom confidently, the queen towering over the Warden. Pennants and banners fly in the wind as they dangle from open windows. A thick smell of burning meat and the distant sound of some celebration conjure a sense of enlightenment, something the Warden has never felt before.

The queen gestures outward. "It took us years to build what we have… to create a generation the world has never seen before. Why would you want to take that away from someone?"

"Do you think I personally made that decision?"

"You work with the one who did."

"Look, I just believe in him, like everyone else he rules over."

"That doesn't mean you should adhere to his every whim."

"That's hypocritical coming from someone wearing jewels on their head."

"I chose to let you stay; I expect respect. You would have had a harder time had I not intervened."

"Fine, you're right. Thank you for doing that. Are we close?"

"All our inns are in the Housing District; you'll see them soon."

That evening, Marisa lays under the white covers of a comfortable woolen mattress. She can't stop thinking about the feelings she would get from cocaine highs, those sharp, electric emotions of euphoria. Admittedly, she misses it, but she can't dive back into those habits. If she wants Ignatius back, she has to improve herself, for her addiction is the very thing that drove him away. She sits up, facing the room's window. Outside, the elderly play banjos on rocking chairs as the evening sky turns to twilight. The red glow haunts her, for the hue is of the same luminescence that ignites when blood pours. A cold, familiar chill runs down her spinal column, and she climbs out of bed, unable to rest. Moving over to the door, she gazes through its peephole, and at the back of a Babylonian soldier. What is this place, North Korea? She examines the room's furniture: an old bookshelf, fading paintings, and a slowly rotating fan. She's never been in a place this bizarre before. The smell is of freshly chopped wood mixing with a hint of maple pine. Lit candles sit on the bedside table, their shadows flashing across dark walls. Once a Warden, now a prisoner.

Someone knocks on the door, and she opens it to a man with curly black hair. His eyes cower behind sparkling glasses, but his merciless stare suggests forthcoming hostility. Entering the room with a limp, he closes the door and reveals to her a rucksack full of provisions. Plopping it down on the glowing floorboards, he holds his stomach, pressing down on an unseen, bothersome wound.

"This is what your people did," he growls. "I got shot protecting our leader. Yours tried killing him. I'm not forgetting that."

"I know."

"Do you feel… any remorse?"

"No, and I doubt you do."

"Why's that?"

"I'm not a dumbass. Our experiences in this world harden us. Sometimes, they cripple us for life. They make you numb to the things you should care about. In the end, you only care about yourself. We don't want to admit it, but we're selfish people. More selfish than we have ever been. This is survival, and there's no room for guilt in this game."

"I manufacture artillery in copious amounts. I defend this place, and if you think your people are going to get away with this, you're mistaken."

"What's your name?"

"Timothy."

"Timothy, the next time you threaten me during a time of peaceful negotiation, I will take that opportunity away from everyone. Understood?"

Silence.

She gestures towards the door. "Thank you for the bag."

Alone again, she watches the kingdom through the clear window. Outside, cultures of all types mingle and laugh with one another, not knowing the trials that lie ahead. Everybody's lives are going to change because of this meeting, not on a physical level, for now, but on a conscious one, for she doubts they have knowledge of other societies. Turning around, she misses Alcatraz. Not the place itself, but the feelings of power that reside within. It's still strange to her how you can be feared in one place, and a stranger in the next. What does it mean? Why can't she have power everywhere? Even more tantalizing, what's stopping her?

In the Throne Room, the leaders watch over a sleeping Alice, who turns and twists in her crib. It's ruthless how unsafe everyone is, even when it comes to their own minds. Life truly doesn't guarantee anything for anyone, nor is it against us. It just simply is. Forrest struggles with this concept a lot, especially when it comes to mercy. Even weeks after Dante's assassination attempt, he still questions the very nature of it. Mercy is nothing more than a temporary truce, so in this case, wouldn't it be easier to deliver someone from their crimes sooner? No action comes without consequence, everybody's due to pay for their unjust attitudes at some point. He observes the infant intently while Echo turns and leaves, starting for the door.

She's about to exit, but Alice abruptly wakes up, crying. The king picks her up, cradles her, and gives her a bottle of milk. Echo watches the care he puts into every movement; the gentle nature of his affection is indescribably attractive. She wonders if raising Alice helps with his schizophrenia, for the realization that your child is part of you is always a powerful one, enough to make even the most dangerous among us feel sympathy and sorrow for the defenseless and the weak.

"Echo," Forrest whispers. "Come here."

"What is it?"

"I have to tell you a secret," he admits, gazing down at Alice's eyes. "I was drafted into the Vietnam War, but I dodged it. I've kept this to myself because I didn't feel like it was worth noting until now."

"Why's that?"

"I trust you a lot more now, and I want you to understand my situation. It was the 50s. Mental institutions treated their patients horribly. If I went to the army, they'd find out my problem and send me to one. I was cornered; there was nowhere for me to turn." He sighs. "I'm not mad at you for letting her stay… I'm just… worrying about the fallout. What if this doesn't go right? What if something happens, and we go to war?"

"Then you're just going to have to face your fear, aren't you?"

"Echo… it won't be good for me. I'd have to kill people; are you forgetting I'm hallucinating right now?"

"I thought Alice calms your head down."

"She does, but I still have these… lingering symptoms."

"Whatever happens because of this meeting, it's going to be okay. I promise."

Forrest closes his eyes, saying solemnly, "I still think about Judas. I can't forget her."

Echo rubs her fingers through his matting hair. "Was she the first person you ever-"

"No," the king rebukes sharply. "She was still… the leader. Before, I hated leaders. Now, I pity them. I killed the leader, so who's going to kill me?"

"Nobody, if you don't let them. That's why we have the army. They support us the most out of any other district."

"They couldn't protect me against Dante. Remember that?"

"That attempt caught us off guard; nobody's ever done anything like that before him. Now that we're aware of that possibility, we have that contingency under wraps."

"I feel like I don't say this as often as I should, but I love you."

Echo smiles, blushes, and rubs his head. "We're going to be okay. Whatever happens, Babylon will prevail. It has to."

Back in San Francisco, Merlin wanders through Ignatius' palace, pausing in an art gallery. He admires the works of Claude Monet, Vincent van Gogh, and Pablo Picasso. A certain piece speaks to him, Liberty Leading the People by Eugene Delacroix. The artist depicts a woman in a torn dress standing upon heaps of dead bodies; her breasts aren't enough to distract the soldiers fighting around her, personifying their determination to bring down King Charles X of France during the July Revolution of 1830. In her hand, the French flag. Merlin figures Babylon needs one, and takes note of that idea before Ignatius appears at his side, with Athena resting on his shoulder.

The President smirks. "What do you think?"

"It's beautiful."

"I see it as the downfall of monarchism, and the rise of democracy, a fair, true way."

"This world is fair to you?"

"Yes, it has been, and it always will be. I don't know what's going to happen if the meeting fails, but if it does, at least you're on our side."

Ignatius leaves a scared Merlin alone, and the Babylonian's eyes fixate on the woman's.