ARTIST: J.R. Mason
ALBUM: Babylon's Final Hours
CHAPTER: Chapter I: Delusions of Grandeur

Eighteen-year-old Forrest Wayley wakes up in the middle of a night from a nightmare. He sits up against the headrest, pondering on the horrifying imagery. Don't worry, the voices tell him. You're back now. He climbs to his feet, dragging himself over to the mirror behind his TV. He looks deep into his own eyes, and he realizes this reflection is a lie, a shadow of his former self. A year ago he was destined to go to college like everyone else, to be successful. Now he has no dreams, no aspirations. All because of her. While examining himself, he misses the days where he didn't know if he was insane, because it was uncertain. He was dating this one girl, Monica, before they came, before they took all these plans set out for himself. He remembers how beautiful she was, and how different her eccentric personality was different from anyone else's. They were all scared, she wasn't. He can't help but to smile at his reflection, but pain and regret wipes it away.

He turns 'round and looks at the clock on the bedside table. Midnight. He represses all negative thoughts before falling back into bed. Pulling the sheets over his head, they begin chanting. You should've been better for her. You're nothing now. You were everything to her, and you treated her like shit. You deserve everything you're getting; you're not worth it.

What exactly is insanity? To define it, wouldn't you have to experience both sanity and its counterpart? If that's the case, what's sanity? Being controlled by a government that doesn't give a shit about its citizens anymore? Cameras constantly watching us in public places? Does is affliction really matter in the eyes of doctors at asylums, or is he just another lobotomy? Too many questions with too little time to answer.

He blankly looks up at the ceiling, worrying about how much time he has to experience life. Somewhere deep down, he knows something's calling him to change the system, to bring the world out of this dark age. However, the thing that's blocking him from doing so is the fact that that "something" could be just another voice wanting to screw him over. He doesn't know how much he believes in instinct; he's always in this state of cognitive dissonance due to his fracturing mind, making decisions harder. He closes his eyes, damning himself for reading too much about the machine and its tactics. He doesn't know what to make of the world anymore, going to sleep with the conclusion that everyone else is on the same boat as him, that he is the sanest among them all.

The next day, he goes to school, where he progresses throughout the day alone and unwanted. There's something he notices about the mindless crowds he walks through, something about him that has always been unnerving: they all act the same. Some talk about hanging out after school with their friends, others complain about how shitty the condition of the administration is without providing solutions, and the rest talk about their future plans for college. All of it is… unoriginal. And that upsets him. Look at you. Look at how they act. Do you feel any anxiety for not having a plan after high school? Do you feel the nervousness of the unknown closing in on you with every beat of your heart? Don't you want to be like them? No, he tells himself. I'm meant for something else. Something else? Like what? I don't know yet, but the world hasn't seen anything like it before. You're a madman! I know. The day progresses with similar thoughts disrupting his reality, and by the end of it he wants to kill himself because of how loud they get. He goes home thinking silence precedes introspective.

He lays in his bed that evening, his parents fighting outside his locked door. The fighting gets so bad that he sneaks out of his house to go to the frequented park across the street. Having a location in mind, he walks to the back of the park, progresses through the woods, and sits down in a small clearing. Reaching for a few crushed leaves, he wipes them aside to uncover a small wooden box in the ground. He opens the box, revealing a stash of illegal contraband: a jar with an ounce of grass, three tabs of LSD, and five capsules of Molly. He also has the following paraphernalia: two small pipes, one blue and one yellow, a grinder, and a lighter. Do you really want to do this again? Do you want to go deeper into something you won't recover from? Taking a deep breath, he closes his eyes, searching for any other option whatsoever, but to no avail. He grinds up a gram of grass and packs his blue bowl with it. After lighting the grass, he inhales, letting feelings of euphoria and peace flow through him. Only now do the voices quiet down; only now does he have some sense of sanity.

After a few more hits, he pulls out his phone, plugs in his headphones, and listens to 50s music. It's moments like this he admires, for in these moments he ponders on the human condition. How random and vague consciousness is. How do you even define something like consciousness? He used to ask a lot of questions about death and mortality, but then he realized that's what he shouldn't be asking about. Instead, he focuses on asking questions about life itself. That's when he comes to many queer ideologies: life is a game, consciousness survives death, and many others. But that doesn't satisfy his need for knowledge. Can one manipulate another person's consciousness? He figures yes, because that's exactly what the United States government did during Project MK-Ultra. CIA agents would give the vilest citizens tabs of acid so they would confess a vast range of truths, but what is it that defines truth? How can one with no authority decide what the truth is? The truth about what, exactly? Well, anything, really. The truth about God, the universe's creation, and so on. He needs to know these things, but it's not knowledge he's after; he's after control. With this knowledge, he wishes to manipulate people so they can do whatever they want for him.

He starts thinking about his parents. They used to be happy together, but now the days are filled with verbal and physical abuse, and sometimes it's directed at him. He remembers when his brother was in the house; he was their source of happiness. But after he went off to college, that's when it went downhill. They knew Forrest didn't want to go to college, and since they're egotistical, they don't approve of it. He ponders on his brother, Shannon, and how he's living in a mansion in California as a well-known actor. Forrest knows he's never going to be like him, and he doesn't care; he just wants to live in the moment. That's the only way you can enjoy life naturally; you focus on the present, nothing more. He wonders if this is true, but then he remembers that he doesn't have any authority in deciding what's true or false. He thinks about his father, and how much he does for the family whereas his mother does nothing; all she does, from his perspective, is sit on the armchair with a bottle of beer. She used to be more active, but now she's just a lump in the human collective consciousness. Forrest admittedly hates seeing her like this, but he knows he can't do anything. You can't fix another person's problems.

As the euphoria wears off, he looks down at the tabs of acid. He wants to take one now, but he knows he has to balance everything out if he wants to keep enjoying the highs. He thinks about how wonderful his first trip was a year ago, how life changing the psychedelic experience was. He remembers the waves, the colors, and how amazing music sounded. At the peak of Pink Floyd's Echoes, he felt like his ego dissolved into the lyrics. But his favorite part of the experience were the wavy letters. He remembers having an Out-Of-Body Experience, which is common on high doses of LSD. Everything was so clear to him when he was in that state of mind, and he wants to go back to that state of oneness. Only then did he forget all the trauma he went through; only then did he feel at home. The interesting thing about acid is that it's not addictive; he's just addicted to the trip itself.

He decides it would be wiser to leave the LSD for tomorrow, and instead he just smokes more weed. His political stance on the topic doesn't matter, all that matters is that he does it. That's the thing he doesn't understand about people. Why do they always want to get into another person's personal business? He hates how expendable those nosy types are, how they just waste their lives not doing anything. He knows he's contradicting himself every time he thinks about this, but he can't help but to imagine a world where this wasn't a case, where the power returns to the leader. In his world, the only thing his people would chase is mercy. His paranoid mind thinks of something creative: what if the people wanted to revolt against him? He smirks, realizing a simple solution to this problem: they couldn't revolt if they didn't know what a revolution was in the first place. All the knowledge would be for him.

With the euphoria still flooding through his mind, he starts thinking about society as a whole. He figures the government used to be genuine, around Washington's time, but somewhere along the line it turned into a business filled with corrupt, backstabbing stockholders and lobbyists. He thinks about how society got here, how we willingly let ourselves turn into this. Hell, the current President is nothing more than a puppet now. He wonders if anybody realizes they're being played. He figures they do, but laziness is a virus worth considering. But what if it isn't laziness? What if it's something more… collective? What if they're choosing blissful ignorance over critical thought? He realizes that this is the answer, and since that's the case, why are they choosing to be ignorant? Is the pain of reality that unbearable?

His anger hijacks his hypocrisy; he buries the wooden, drug-filled box and covers it with leaves. We both know this has to be done; it's the only way. His rational severed, he sneaks back into his house and takes a nap. That night, he wakes up from another nightmare, and after overcoming the anxiety, he sits upright in a delusional state. You have to do it; you have to kill them. Why, he wonders. They're my parents. They don't care about you. Okay. His heart racing, he climbs to his feet and sneaks into the kitchen. There, he tiptoes to the knife drawer and opens it. Looking down at the blades, the voices begin screaming at him; drawing a blade, they say seductively, That's right. We know you want to do this. Don't feel guilty about wanting it; it's only natural. He wraps his shaking hands around the blade's handle and walks nervously to his parents' bedroom. Gulping, his freehand reaches for the knob and twists it. He pushes the door open, revealing his parents sleeping in complete darkness. Stepping into the room, a surreal atmosphere surrounds him. Your mom is first. She's done the most damage to you. She deserves this. He goes over to the sleeping caretaker and presses the blade against her neck. DO IT, YOU PIECE OF SHIT! THERE WILL BE MORE OF US IF YOU D- With one quick swipe, he severs his mother's jugular. He doesn't feel fear once the blood starts to flow, only relief. I'm a sociopath, finally. He crosses over to his father and delivers fifty stab wounds to his stomach, a savage grin widening with every thrust. Afterwards, all the electricity in the neighborhood goes out. Ten minutes later, the entire country goes dark. An hour later, the outage consumes the rest of the globe, leaving humanity in the Stone Age.

TWO WEEKS LATER

Timothy Montgomery, former CEO of Flagstaff Tech, roams through an abandoned nation. The worst part about the apocalypse? The alienation. He hasn't talked to a soul in nine days, and it's tearing him up on the inside. Human beings are social creatures, and when you take away that aspect, the only thing you're left with is a chamber of self-evaluation, something Timothy hates the most. He looks down at his blood-covered machete, feeling good about himself because he hasn't used it on a human yet. Gazing ahead, a sign comes into view advertising Seattle. Although you should avoid cities at all costs, he has this feeling that tells him he should go. Why, though? Is this his subconscious trying to tell him he's suicidal? He pauses at the sign, feeling like someone's watching him. That's one thing you can't shake in this world. He examines the option cautiously. Where else can he go? Swallowing his fear, he presses onward. He passes dozens of burnt-out cars, each one containing a rotting corpse in its driver seat. He's gotten used to the smell, but the site is something that will forever be burnt into his memory. Before he investigates one of the cars for supplies, he pauses at the abrupt sound of a tin can rolling across the road behind him. Turning around, his heart drops upon seeing one of them. A vacant shell of something that was once human. It reaches for Timothy, cold groans escaping its mouth with every breath. The groans sometimes sound like the distant screams of its former human. Raising the machete, Timothy walks over to it and slices the bastard's head right open. Black gunk sprays everywhere, and the thing falls to the road, now with the fate of becoming fossilized.

Timothy has never been used to killing the infected. He thinks there's something in them that's still human. He doesn't know if this is a terrifying thought or a hopeful one, but nonetheless, he still feels irrational guilt because every dead one he's killed so far used to be doctors, lawyers, teachers, professors, and so on. He can't picture it, but that's the way it used to be. He sometimes even goes as far as to bury the infected in a respectful ritual, but sometimes there's so many that he doesn't have the time or energy. He doesn't know how many he's killed so far, but he figures the number is somewhere in the fifties at this point. Pausing at this realization, he bends over and vomits. The world can't be like this, he thinks. It used to be filled with prosperity, success, and it provided him with every basic human need. Being a former CEO, he tries to keep himself unbiased by also thinking about poverty and political issues, but he then remembers not to focus on those things because it's bound to keep him at a lower frequency.

He remembers the early days of the apocalypse. The overwhelming feelings of fear and confusion are still with him to this day, because they're the only things that have kept him alive. Has he met other survivors that protected him? Sure, but they're all dead now so it doesn't matter. He takes a brief pause. Has he really changed that much already? Has he become so depersonalized that he can't even respect the fallen? He keeps playing these mind games with himself for an hour; it's the only form of entertainment he has. By the time he reaches the outskirts of Seattle, he wants to rip his brain out. Thankfully, the city is quiet tonight; no dead ones aside from a few loners here and there. Every time he kills one, he sees himself in them. He sees how alone they are, and he wishes he could do something to get the image of their faces out of his head. He figures he should find shelter for the night, so he breaks into an abandoned pizzeria.

The inside looks like something from the 1980s; however, the smell and the state of disarray remind him he's still enduring a nightmare. He lays his machete down and sits in one of the tattered booths; the table breaks as soon as he puts his hands on it. Alone, tired, and hurt, he starts sobbing into his hands. Images of his parents dying flash in his mind. They were just… ripped apart right in front of him, and the infected left nothing behind. And then… there's his sister. His eight-year-old sister, Paula. They were outside of Cheyenne, Wyoming when it happened. It was just three days after their parents died. They were kidnapped and beaten by other survivors, and they killed Paula right in front of him; he was forced to watch. The night after that, the infected came through the kidnappers' camp and killed them all. That night made him lose his faith in God, because nobody should ever have to experience that kind of trauma. And even if God was real, why would something so "loving" create people like that?

Suddenly, he hears a cacophony of hellish groans coming from the road he just walked down. He crouches and moves over to the boarded up windows, looking through the cracks in the wood. Slowly, the infected ones begin shuffling into view, and they bring a foul stench with them. They fill up the entire width of the street shoulder-to-shoulder, as if they're an ancient Spartan army prepared to fight the Persians. He's so enchanted by this movement that he's hypnotized by its absurdity. Some of them crawl across the cracked asphalt because they don't have legs; others look so starved that they look like walking skeletons. The most frightening ones are those who have black ooze dripping out of their mouth. He doesn't know what causes it; it could be a symptom of the disease. Whilst examining the migrators, he spots a particular dead one in the middle of the ocean. It looks like it was flayed, because it drags the entirety of its skin as it stumbles down the road.

Gunshots light up the night, and he almost jumps out of his skin. He hears survivors shouting orders at each other in the distance, and he looks along the rooftops to see silhouettes firing off countless rounds. The loudness sends Timothy to the back of the pizzeria, fearing deafness. When they stop, he crawls back up to the window, but explosions make him freeze where he stands. Shit, he thinks. They're bombing the infected. Whoever these people are, they must be highly advanced if they have a protocol to defend themselves against a threat this large. Not only is damage being done, but it's also being controlled. However, this realization is quickly torn apart when a grenade lands right in front of the pizzeria's window. When it goes off, Timothy dives into the bathrooms at the back, runs into a stall, and locks the door behind him. He climbs on top of the toilet seat, knowing the infected must be flooding the place by now. Staring at the stall door in front of him, he protects his ears from the rest of the fight. A small group of the infected forms around the stall; they scratch and bite at the door, but they don't really know he's in there since he was quick with the retreat. He stays in this position for hours until the survivors outside start clearing out the surrounding buildings. Once they reach his pizzeria, they move into the bathrooms and stab the infected ones with cutlery.

The stall door opens, and Timothy's heart beats with hope upon seeing the survivors on the other side. They all wear black suits and carry military grade weapons, probably from the Vietnam War. Their presumable leader, a six-foot man built entirely of muscle, steps forward. He wears dense clothing to protect him from zombie bites. An eyepatch covers his left eye, and his body is covered in scars. He extends a hand out to Timothy, which he accepts, and the man pulls Timothy to his feet. They have nothing to say, partly because Timothy is too stunned by what just happened. At their feet are hundreds of dead corpses, all of which are spewing out pus, maggots, and an unimaginable odor hiding beneath a thin layer of gunpowder.

Finally, the man introduces himself. "My name is Alexander Rudolph; I am the leader of this team."

Timothy still doesn't know what to say. Not just that, but part of him doesn't even want to talk. He remembers the kidnappers and what they did to innocent Paula. If they invite him back to their camp, he needs to make the right decision.

Stammering, he asks, "Where… where are you guys camped at?"

Alex smiles. "We've got a thinker. We're camped out at the Space Needle. People either live inside or outside in tents. Several blocks of the city have been blocked off by sandbags and brick walls; we're secure, and we know what we're doing."

"What do you do for food?"

"We've got gardens growing around the tents."

"The bombs don't attract the infected?"

"When something like this happens, everyone in the camp stays quiet."

"How did you know about the horde? The Space Needle is pretty far."

"When you go up to the top of the Needle, you get an incredible view. The world stretches out for miles, and it's right beneath your feet. You feel like a king."

Timothy closes his eyes and draws in a deep breath. "Okay… I'll go with you."

Alex's smile grows wider. "I think you made the right choice. You're going to see a lot of changes."

Timothy feels like he made the right decision, too. However, he can't shake the feeling that he has also made the wrong choice. When a man or woman is thrown into a situation as traumatic as this one, they have to keep their guard up constantly. It's survival now, and although the human race has always survived catastrophes, this won't stop Timothy from being skeptical. Being skeptical is his only technique now, and he knows he'll be staying up late at night pondering on what might happen tomorrow. Will these people turn on him like they did with Paula? There's only one way to fully know, and that terrifies him.

Now outside the pizzeria, the squad surrounds the unarmed Timothy as they march over the charred remains of a once unstoppable force. Parts of the road are craters now, a deadly reminder of the dangers everyone faces. They remind Alexander of the bombs in the Vietnam War. How they just blew everyone into ashes. The worst part about this situation is that he doesn't even know if he's happy to be back home or not. Memories of old friends he lost during the war flash in his mind. He remembers the anguish and grief he felt every time he heard the news, and that's what made him take a stance against the war. However, he couldn't tell anyone this because if he did that would technically be treason and he would've been kicked out. When these thoughts kick in, he thinks about the Vietcong and wonders if they felt the same pain and anguish when their friends were killed. Who is the real enemy in a war? Everyone?

Timothy takes this moment in because of how surreal it is. A vast city completely abandoned with buildings collapsing everywhere. The souls of countless victims limping through the streets as if they're in an unbreakable trance. The stench that'll take lifetimes to get rid of. The burnt cars and negative vibes of death and chaos. To him, the end is still happening; it's always going to be an unimaginable scar in Earth's history.

Alexander abruptly stops, and the squad aims their rifles down the road. Alex gives them an order, and they advance forward and fire off a few shots. Another survivor gives them the all-clear, and they carry on.

Timothy asks uncomfortably, "How far away are we?"

"We're close; only a few more blocks."

"When did this place pop up?"

Alex, whispering, says, "A few days after the riots ended."

"It happened that fast?"

"Yeah. Almost as fast as the outbreak."

"Do you know how it happened?"

Although he does, Alex doesn't want to reveal any information to anybody; it's his own personal vow to keep it a secret. "We would prefer if you stay quiet. We're trying to be as discrete as we possibly can."

Under his breath, Timothy says, "Then stop firing guns."

The Space Needle finally comes into view, and a few blocks later they see the brick walls and sandbag blockades surrounding its base. Outside the defenses, guards patrol the nearby streets; they're only concerned with dispatching the infected. Alex leads them to a barred door, which is installed in one of the walls. He opens it and leads everyone inside, and he and Timothy separate from the rest of the squad.

From his perspective, Timothy figures Alex must've been telling the truth.

"Where are you taking me?"

"To Judas. Don't worry; she won't bite."

"What's she like?"

"She's crazy. In a good way. She had this planned out even before the outbreak. She saved me."

"Damn. Where does she stay?"

Alex points up to the Space Needle's Observational Deck. "There. She looks over all of us."

"I'm guessing the elevators don't work."

"Hey, it's leg day anyway. Get ready for an 832-step journey."

They enter the Observational Deck by noon, which is now a Victorian-styled, oriental relic. Plants hang around the walls, gothic bookshelves accentuate the atmosphere, and lit candles flicker across forgotten memories. Timothy approaches the glass windows, awestruck by the sheer magnitude of the disaster. Surrounding this entire complex is a desert of ruined skyscrapers and horde-filled streets. The true enemy in this new world is loneliness. He presses his hands on the glass, fixated by the mysterious aura. Is this place humanity's last hope? Turning 'round, Timothy sees a black-haired girl emerging from the fleeting darkness. She wears black clothing, and the circles under her eyes highlight her exhaustion. She extends her hand, and Timothy shakes it after introducing himself. Alex leaves them alone. She leads the CEO to her queen-sized bed. Kneeling, she pulls out a box of alcohol, almost as if she already knows that he knows who she is.

"Vodka or tequila?" she asks.

"Vodka."

"Atta boy."

She pulls out a bottle of the clear, harsh-smelling liquid and pushes the box back under her bed. She then leads him over to a small table and they take their seats. After pouring shot glasses, they have an enlightening conversation.

"People die here every day, and I'm supposed to control that frequency. I decide who gets let in, and who gets thrown out. Consider this an interview. Why should I let you join our community?"

"Because I want to live. Because I want safety and security. Because I will contribute in whatever way I can."

Timothy takes a shot. "Who gave you the power to decide if someone gets to live or die?"

"They did. I gave them what they wanted. I just didn't have a contingency plan for the amount of people dying."

"Are you asking me to help you?"

"No, but I will ask you this. What were you before the end?"

"A CEO. I owned a tech company that produced arcade games. I was also a stockholder."

"Good. That means you're good with numbers. I could use your help in rationing resources."

"So I get to stay?"

She takes another shot. "Yes. You can go back to Ground Level to pick out your tent."

He emerges from the tower that evening with sweat dripping down his face. Exhaustion leads him to the closest tent, and after pulling back its flap, he sees a lone teenager sitting on one of the bunks. The kid looks back at him, and they approach each other silently. The teen extends his hand, and he introduces himself as Forrest Wayley. He has matted hair and a growing beard. Behind him, a rucksack filled with miscellaneous supplies rests against his bottom bunk. The atmosphere around them is militaristic, setting the tone for their conversation.

"I… think you should know something about our leader," Forrest says nervously.

"What's that?"

"She's out to get us. She doesn't want us to live; she wants to rule us."

"How could you accuse her of something like that?"

"I've been thinking about this for the past few days, and it makes sense."

"Please, do tell."

"You saw how she interviews people. How she… decides who gets to live."

"It does seem apathetic."

"I've met people like her before the outbreak. All they want is to drain you of who you are. This place isn't going to last long under her control. The walls we have are only one layer thick, and we don't have enough fighters if another group attacks. I've telling her this, but she doesn't take well to criticism. She's stubborn because this plan was hers."

"Do you think you could do better?"

"Yes. I have my own plan, too. And it doesn't involve kicking out anybody who wants to join. That's heartless."

"Tell me."

"I see bigger walls. Farms. Government. Distribution of power. I see civilization. Judas is not a long-term thinker like I am. Don't you want safety and security?"

Admittedly, the fairytale dream sounds appealing to Timothy. His skepticism is still prominent, especially now since he sees Paula's smiling face. Wouldn't she want to live in a place like that? Where everyone's just looking out for each other? He thinks about what their relationship was like before the outbreak. How they would protest against the Vietnam War together. She didn't even know she was part of a historical movement. Ironically, everything's history now. The past, the present, the future, whatever those things meant… are now lost in time. And that terrifies Timothy. He can't get Paula out of his head, so he hangs his head and starts crying. One second she was right beside him, the next she was dead, and he blames himself for it. He could've done so much more for her.

Forrest walks away. "I'll talk to you more about this later."

Timothy shakes his head. "The guy can't take a hint."

FIVE MONTHS LATER

Echo Ramirez wakes up in her hometown of Castle Rock, Colorado. She gets out of bed and crosses over to her bedroom window, where she pulls back the curtains and smiles at the snowy, desolate world outside. To her, life is normal. Although she knows about the infected, she doesn't want to accept the world's end; she's unable to comprehend the reality of her situation, but she's been able to ignore the trauma by creating this fantasy world inside her mind where everyone's alive and happy. She has short hair and vaguely resembles Marilyn Monroe. She walks over to her parents' bedroom and knocks on the door. Opening it slightly, she sees the two corpses of suicide victims lying on the queen-sized mattress. They must be in deep sleep, she thinks. Going back to her room, she grabs a backpack from her closet, and a feeling of stress washes over her; she remembers she has to take a test today that she didn't study for. Deciding to skip the day, she throws her backpack back into the closet and sits on the bed. In her mind, cars drive by outside, people are going to work, and everything is normal. She hears a knock at the front door and opens it, slightly pissed that her parents didn't answer it. On the other side stands her old boyfriend, Max. Although he's already dead (he was killed right in front of her), her mind still creates these hallucinations of him because of how important he was to her.

"Max!" she says with a beaming smile. "What're you doing?"

"What do you mean?" he asks. "I'm picking you up for school." Behind him, his friends wait in an SUV. "You coming?"

"No, I'm too tired."

"Well, alright. I'll text you when I get there."

"Sounds like a plan."

She closes the door behind her, now having a free day. She thinks about going to Denver, but judging from the weather outside and the traffic she'll get in, she decides to stay home. She hears a knock on her door, and she calls for the person to come inside. Her dad walks in and sits next to her on the bed.

"You didn't go to school?" he asks.

"I can't. I have a test that I didn't study for."

He sighs. "You can't keep doing this; your grades are suffering."

She closes her eyes, guilty. "I can't stand it; I hate school." Opening her eyes, she sees nothing in front of her. He always disappears. "I think I'm going crazy."

Somewhere deep in the pit of her stomach, she knows she's lying to herself. She knows Max and her parents are dead, but she doesn't want to confront that. Self-isolation and antisocial behavior has led her to this point, and part of her wants to crawl out of the grave she's digging, but another part wants to keep living in this fantasy world. Being alone is better than being in a group. She has a boyfriend, but then again, she's had a lot of boyfriends… and they all left. All her life, she has been the odd one out. The one that everybody forgets, the one that nobody wants to hang out with. She trusts people, and then she loses them. Not anymore. She doesn't want to hurt because of that; she's tired of always falling in the same traps because society "needs her to". She looks out the window again, this time scowling. Fuck them. Fuck them for treating her differently because she has a different mindset. Fuck them for making her have to fight for her voice. Fuck them for not giving her a chance.

Feeling rage, she turns to meditation to calm her down. Taking deep breaths, she does her best to step back and observe her thoughts, but to no avail. How can I stop feeling like this, she asks. A large knot forms in her throat, and tears flow from her innocent eyes. Fragile and broken, like the atmosphere of something so perfect you can only describe it with words containing dark connotations. Her chest starts burning, and her stress pushes her outside, where she finally confronts the true nature of this vile world. Surrounding her, a land encased in mystery. She spins around, dazed by confusion and heartbreak. She looks behind her, seeing a rotten house where her vibrant one once stood. None of this makes any sense; she would get groceries from her parents, she hung out with friends, and she had a normal life. Has it just been her imagination this entire time? Staring west, a shadowy figure emerges from the snowfall, and when it comes into view, she vomits. Its entrails continuously spew out of its bottomless ribcage, black bile oozes out of the corners of its mouth, and its arms dangle from their sockets from stringy, dead flesh. What has this world become? The creature, frozen by the year's early winter, falls to its knees, succumbing to the harsh climate.

She remembers a psychology course she took in college. The professor was lecturing the class about the importance of social connection. When someone is alone for extended periods, the minds of some individuals create fantasy worlds to prevent them from becoming insane. Is she a victim to this foul theory?

Now having faced her worst fear, she figures she's a lunatic. Is it really her fault in a world like this? What if she comes across another survivor? She needs to defend herself somehow… with guns. She remembers an old police station her father used to work at. It's only a few blocks away; she'd be back in less than an hour. But what's really here for her? What does she have that she could return to? A tomb of memories? Ignoring this feeling, she begins her journey through this treacherous climate, defenseless. She knows she's screwed if she runs into another one of those things, for she has no idea how to kill one. Is there anyway she could remember fighting them off when she was in her fantasy world? As if the universe is a poet, she stumbles across another frozen creature half-buried in the snow. Its head has a bullet hole in its skull, and she quickly puts the pieces together. Head equals dead.

During her journey, the only thing she hears are the screams of countless victims; they're so loud that they block out her mind's voice. She imagines how many of those monsters are out there; she questions their origin and wonders if something biological happened in Vietnam. Images of her being grabbed at flash in her mind, and she feels their cold, cranky hands wrap around her limbs. Nothing feels real; it seems as if the universe is a wonderful, unimaginable broken mirror. How could the human race fall so fast? She remembers a story her father told her. He was involved in the hippie movement, and he would partake in political protests. He told her stories about how crazy the people became, about how… apathetic they were.

She reaches the police station, an ancient relic of the old world. Approaching the front doors, she pushes them open and shivers as she enters. She searches the quiet corridor until happening upon the army; the door is already open. Inside, a 12 gauge shotgun strapped in a sheath rests on the floor, surrounded by boxes of slugs. Retrieving the piece, distant memories of her mother taking her to the gun range flood her mind. Swallowing the knot in her throat, the girl retrieves the piece from the sheath and loads it. After cocking the gun, she hears footsteps from the corridor outside, and upon turning 'round, a man runs by the doorframe. Her heart pumping, she follows the man to the front doors, where he bursts outside. She follows him until they reach the darkened mouth of an endless tunnel. On the other side, nobody knows. She stops, letting him get away. No use in following him without a flashlight.

Returning to the police station, she finds a flashlight in the evidence room and flicks it on, and to her surprise, a beam of light flies through the bulb and illuminates the dark space. She goes back to the armory, straps the shotgun in the sheath, wears it across her back, and takes the boxes of ammo. She ponders on the way she found her parents. She wonders how long it'll take for them to dissolve completely, as if they're nothing.

Now at the tunnel, she flicks on the flashlight and waves the beam across the burnt-out cars. The arms of those frozen beasts reach for her from the insides of their metal caskets. They growl and hiss as she passes, provoking the highest proportions of fear. After hours of searching, she finds the weakened man in the cab of a firetruck. The flashlight reveals blood leaking from his wrists, and a backpack rests in the passenger seat.

"Were you attacked?" she asks.

The man shakes his head. "I just caught them on broken glass. I'm defenseless right now, and I didn't know if you were going to hurt me."

Feeling sorrow, she helps the man out of the truck. "It's okay. I'm not going to hurt you."

"I'll admit, it's awfully nice finding someone. Who are you?"

"Echo Ramirez. Charmed. And you?"

"Merlin Monroe. Likewise. Would you like to be friends?"

"Yes. I'm alone, too."

"Good. Maybe you can accompany me on my journey to Seattle. My family lived there."

"You think they still do?"

"I'm hopeful. I miss them."

Echo weighs her options thoughtfully. Does she really have anything here? "Okay. I'll join you. I'm curious to see what's out there."

Merlin smiles. "I wouldn't have wanted it any other way."

"I have to get something from my house first. Follow me."

They reach the girl's house, and Echo stops Merlin.

She puts a hand on his shoulder. "Let me do this; stay out here."

He nods his head.

For the last time, Echo enters her house and opens the door to her parents' bedroom, seeing them for who they are: skeletons of suicide victims. No wonder she created a fantasy world. In a situation like this, you have to do anything you can to keep yourself from going insane. She approaches the two beings that used to care for her. Standing by her mother, the girl picks up a limp arm and takes off its aged wedding ring. She does the same with her father. After putting them on either ring finger, she leaves the nest behind forever.

Now officially on the road, she can't stop looking at the absolute desolation that surrounds her. Human life is now in the clutches of a demonic force governed by fear and hunger. Her fantasy world shielded her from this. It was a barricade, and she broke through to the other side. Even the strongest amongst us have breaking points. Now crying, she stops with Merlin.

He wraps his arms around her. "I'm here for you."

"My parents," she says quietly.

"I know. I lost mine, too."

After calming her down, he leads her by the hand into an unknown destiny mercilessly built on pure insanity. Neither of them are certain they will make it to Seattle. However, in the end, is anything certain in the first place?

Two days later, they happen upon a cemetery in western Colorado. Merlin leads her inside. Echo is hesitant at first, but follows him anyway. At this point, Echo has used the shotgun only six times on the infected. However, she's not afraid of using it on a living person. They end up at a grave marked Anne Monroe. Merlin bows a knee before the fallen mother, his leg getting cold from the snow.

"How?" Echo asks.

"She had pancreatic cancer. It was several years back, but I remember it like it was yesterday. I can't get that memory out of my head. We were all surrounding her in the hospital room, and she just closed her eyes. Everything that she was… vanished. I lost someone I cared about."

Echo chokes back tears. "Whatever happens, I hope we get the old world back. We just need someone that has our drive to do such a thing; someone that has power."

"You think there's hope?"

"We've survived worse."

Merlin climbs to his feet. "Then I believe in humanity, too."

They reach the outskirts of Seattle the following week. Both winter and mother nature infest the metropolis like a plague. A plague as incurable as it is destructive.

"How do you think those things came about?" Echo asks as they walk down an empty road.

"In Russia, during World War 2, the Soviets performed an experiment regarding the revival of organisms. They drained this dog of its blood, removed its head, and hooked it up to this… life support-esque machine. It changed the face of medical science as we know it, because the head began functioning as if it was still attached to the dog's body. It even responded to stimuli; its whiskers twitched when touched, and its head reacted to the sound of a hammer. Due to ethical concerns, nobody has performed such an experiment since. If they had this power 30 years ago, imagine what else we're kept in the dark about."

They spot the Space Needle, an obvious point of interest. However, they both agree to stick to the original plan.

"They live in a Brownstown apartment close by," he says.

Echo spots a small group of dead ones shuffling their way towards them. "We need shelter. I don't have enough ammo to fight them off."

Next to them, a strip mall encompasses a ruined courtyard. They enter one of the clothing stores, weak from the journey. Echo watches the group from the window while Merlin searches the store for supplies. Nothing but tattered clothes and learned hopelessness. As the infected ones pass the storefront, their gazes fixate on the complex architecture of the Needle, and they wonder if anybody's in there.

"We'll check," Merlin says reassuringly.

Echo shakes her head. "That's not what I'm concerned about."

Once they finally reach the desired Brownstone, Echo isn't surprised to see it burnt down. Merlin, however, is heartbroken. The people he loved are now ashes; he feels like the victim of a Holocaust survivor. He falls to his knees, reminiscing on old memories he shared with his parents. Standing behind him, Echo watches either end of the road for the infected. Merlin thinks about one Thanksgiving he had here. His brother showed up high, and it ruined everything for them. Coming from a Christian background, Merlin knew it was bound to happen eventually, but he shows his brother little pity, considering he spelt out his own doom. They didn't eat anything that year; they sent his brother to a rehab center, and he presumably died there shortly after the outbreak. He chokes on the knot in his throat, and he starts crying. He could've done something more to help, and he regrets not doing so.

Echo pulls him up to his feet. "It's okay; we have each other now."

Merlin sighs. "I just wish I spent more time with them."

"You will when you die."

"You think so?"

"Yes, because when you die, everything that makes you Merlin Monroe will die, too. Your ego. All of it disappears, and when you don't have an ego, you have everything. You become time, money, and all of this shit that made humanity grow and develop. You are energy. You also become the past, present, and the future, all in one. So technically, you really will be with them."

Merlin ponders on this philosophy. "So… there is no Heaven or Hell?"

"It's all a state of mind. Hell is metaphorical for our negative feelings, like depression, sadness, or anything else like that. Heaven is at the opposite end of the spectrum. Once you understand that, you learn to control your consciousness. Your mind is an instrument that you have to learn how to play. You control now, Merlin. When you control everything you used to be in the past, when you learn from it, and when you grow from it, you begin to gain control of the future."

"He who controls the past controls the future."

"Exactly."

"What about the other belief systems out there? Like Christianity?"

"Some religions only exist to pacify the masses. To make them docile."

"How do you know all of this?"

"I kept my parents' bodies in the house I was taking shelter in, and I created a fantasy world to cope with the trauma. When I became sane, I saw them for the first time in ages for what they actually are. Dead. I took their wedding rings to remember them, and I look down at them whenever I start thinking."

A horde of frozen infected approaches them from the distance, and they decide to start for the Space Needle. Echo aims her shotgun ahead of her as they walk towards the opposite end of the road, which is void of any threats. They take several detours before they reach the street leading to the Space Needle, and when they see the brick barricades and sandbags enclosing a small colony, their hearts beat with hopefulness. They reach the main entrance, a barred gateway, and they call for someone to open it. A scruffy-looking teen approaches them through the falling snow, and he opens it.

"Welcome to the Needle. My name is Forrest Wayley. I'll take you to our leader, Judas."

Smiling, they gladly enter the growing community. Everyone rests in their tents, shielding their lives from winter's fury. The teen leads them to the tower's entrance, and they head inside and climb the staircase. Once inside Judas' bedroom, the black-haired girl approaches them in a drunken stupor.

"Hey," she says, wobbling back and forth with every step.

"New refugees," Forrest says, disappointed in her alcoholism.

She goes over to a long wooden table and sits down in one of the chairs. "Come over here. Time to interview you." She pours herself a glass of Peach Schnapps and drinks it. "What? I don't bite. I'm your new fearless leader."

Hesitantly, they both oblige.

She asks, "Why should I let you two into this fine encampment?"

"Because we want freedom," Merlin says.

Echo chimes in. "And protection. Security. Safety."

Judas laughs. "We're chalk full of that. But that's not the real point of the question. What can you do to better this community?"

Echo and Merlin look at each other, stunned at their predicament.

"Well," Echo starts. "We'll take up whatever position you have for us."

Judas contemplates this. "Introduce yourselves to me."

They do.

Judas points at Merlin. "You are a member of our supply-running team." She points at Echo. "And you will be his partner. Understood?"

They agree.

"Good," she sighs. "You're free to live in one of the tents at the bottom from now on. You can rest easy. Food, water, and anything else are handed out at designated times."

"How can you tell the time?" Echo asks.

"The sun," Judas says, smiling. "Come on, get with the program. This is the Stone Age now."

Once at the bottom of the tower, Echo and Merlin reconvene in a FEMA tent, wherein a man with black, curly hair sits on a bed.

He stands up, extending a hand. "Timothy Montgomery."

After they greet each other, the two newcomers pick out a bed.

Timothy stands in the middle of the tent, waiting for their attention. "Just warning you guys, when Forrest gets back here, he's going to preach about his ideas. He's been doing that to every newcomer for the past five months. Sitting through it is practically initiation."

Merlin scoffs. "Wonder why he does that."

Timothy shrugs his shoulders. "He doesn't agree with anything Judas does."

"You know, I'm not very fond of her either," Echo says. "She seems like the type of person that drinks the pain away."

The curly-haired man nods his head. "She does. It's her only way of coping with the state of the world, and that's heartbreaking. Just imagine what she's seen."

Echo looks down at her wedding rings. "Yeah, I can't imagine it."

"Does she still… perform well?" Merlin asks.

Forrest abruptly enters the tent, his expression twisting with disgust. "She was drunk when she interviewed them," he says to Timothy. "Do you still think she's mature enough to lead?"

Timothy sighs. "Relax, buddy. There's nothing dangerous about alcohol… besides the fact that it destroys your liver and kills brain cells."

The boy scoffs. "How dense can someone be? Judas is a problem that we have to take care of. Other people are on my side, too."

Echo chuckles. "And what happens after you finally get rid of her?"

"We wake the others up to her… carelessness. It'll take her death for that, but it's worth it. After that, I'll lead this place into the future. I dream of bigger walls, farms, forms of security, and division of power. If we just take Judas out of the equation, we can have all of that."

Echo considers this, and oddly enough, her heart starts beating for him. The way he talks makes her want to learn more about him, his backstory, and his ideas. Meanwhile, Merlin tries ignoring him.

"Say we do this," she starts. "What comes right after?"

Forrest smiles. "We have a meeting, and we rebuild. Judas is just a rock in a road, a rock that we can weather down together."

The days pass normally in the colony. Everyone does their jobs, and Judas continues to struggle with alcoholism. Her morale takes a steady downward spiral, and everyone, including Timothy and Merlin, begins to agree with Forrest's ideas. Echo stays up some nights, pondering on if she should kill her, and she even steals a bottle of rat poison on a supply run. She currently hides it in her rucksack, and she thinks about it constantly. She tries putting herself in Judas' shoes. What if it was her that people were plotting to… remove from this reality? Does she do things that cause direct harm? No. But that's the grey area; she does it indirectly. Through Judas' carelessness, many people have died at the hands of the infected, an obvious, irreversible criticism. Echo's moral dilemma leads her to smoking cigarettes, but one night she has an enlightening conversation with Forrest.

They are wide-awake, unable to get to sleep. The voices are strong in Forrest's mind, and Echo's anxiety is now causing insomnia. Timothy and Merlin sleep soundly in their beds, provoking a somewhat peaceful atmosphere.

"We have to do it," Forrest says blankly.

"I've never killed anybody before. There was this one time I was about to kill Merlin, but that was self-defense. I always think about the reaction if we actually did it."

"Like I said, this choice is the gateway to what life should be."

"Are you sure you're not manipulating me?"

You always hurt the one you love the most. This is the only way. "This is the only way. I'm not manipulating you."

"Have you ever killed anybody?"

"Only those who deserve it."

"That's a vague criteria."

"Let me be more specific. I only kill people whom I identify as a threat. I killed my parents right before the power outage."

"So you're crazy."

"No, you have no idea the trauma I endured because of them. I try to justify who I murder to lessen the guilt."

"Do you feel that anymore?"

"No."

"So why try to justify it?"

"Because this time it's political. The colony is becoming weak, and I disapprove of it greatly. There has to be a proper distribution of power."

Echo remembers a history class she took in high school; the lecture was about Fidel Castro. He was a man from the mountains, and he motivated his people through charm and the way he spoke. Is there a connection between him and Forrest? Nonetheless, Forrest's hatred of Judas is visible to other members of the colony, which adds some weight to his words. Maybe he's right. She also thinks about her conversation with Merlin, and this leads her to a final decision.

"Can we do it tonight?" she asks. "I can't stand the turmoil."

Forrest, happy that he's successfully manipulated Echo, agrees. If he can do this, he can convince everyone. He climbs out of bed and looks into her eyes, feeling a spark of love for her. They put on dark clothing and Echo straps on her rucksack.

"I have rat poison," she says nervously.

Noticing her worry, he puts a comforting hand on her shoulder. "They'll think it was alcohol poisoning. They can't trace it back to you."

"I know. That won't stop me from feeling guilty, though."

"Echo, this has to happen if you want my ideas to prevail."

She knows he's right. They sneak out of the tent, quietly reach the tower, and enter the treacherous staircase. After climbing for an hour and a half, they reach Judas' bedroom, wherein they find the sleeping leader with empty glass bottles encompassing the bed. On the dining room table, a half-empty shot glass of Vodka.

Forrest starts for the bedroom's door. "I'll watch for guards."

Gulping, Echo unzips the rucksack and retrieves the poison. Before pouring it into the shot glass, she seriously considers if this is the right play. He's doing this for the greater good, she thinks. They deserve to know the truth about her. With the weight of the world on her shoulders, she pours a deadly amount into the glass and stirs it with a nearby spoon. Placing the spoon back on the table, she puts the rat poison back in her rucksack, straps it on, and sneaks outside.

"It's done," she says blankly.

Smiling, the maniac knows he's finally won.