ARTIST: J.R. Mason
ALBUM: Babylon's Final Hours
CHAPTER: X - Dogs, Pigs, and Sheep

Two months following the Babylonian War, the kingdom rests in an eternal state of catatonia. They grieve over their losses, funerals becoming a regularity. With the bodies they can't retrieve, volunteers etch names into a granite plaque. An emotionless sky drowns the kingdom in restlessness. The Space Needle sits quietly among empty streets. The Districts look like ghost towns, their occupants hiding in their homes. Aftershocks of fear race through the minds of unlucky survivors. Few Babylonians guard the wall walks with blank expressions, satchels of arrows on their backs. If we have to kill, we will do it without mercy.

Construction crews build the walls higher around the archers, encasing security personnel in cylindrical masonry towers, pyramid roofs serving as a capstone. Arrows protrude through small slits in the stone, aiming out into a desolate world. Now, they really are the last civilization.

Merlin rests in his house, gazing into a mirror and smiling at his sprouting hair. Moving over to a window, he pulls back the curtain, glancing at the dirt road outside. Nothing. Everyone is effectively isolating themselves from each other. Echo's sacrifice, the war, all of it… the purpose is unity, to bring people together, but the truth is they've never been further apart. He hasn't seen or heard from Forrest in days, and nobody knows when the election for a new queen will be, or how it will even work.

He ponders on the current gun dilemma. What are they going to do with all of this spare weaponry? Where are they going to store it? Should we get rid of them? No, God damn it! Merlin scowls just for having an opinion about it. The kingdom needs guns no matter what. Even though we might not have the right ammunition, we can make it. Timothy has enough experience to do it.

However, preventing this from happening is the Monarchy's policy. With no gun regulations, violence would surely occur. What kind of protocols do they need to protect the streets if everyone has a gun? What kind of horrors will ensue from this fatal choice, given it even has a chance? He needs to think of a code, a system for everyone to abide by. There will be rewards for the people who obey them, and punishments for the ones who don't. It needs to be something the king will look at twice.

At the kingdom's gates, Timothy wears the happiest expression imaginable. A new team of miners marches off to repair and prepare the Mines for restoration. Civilians stand behind him, gasping. That place hasn't been touched since Alexander's death. Behind forming crowds, smokestacks remain useless in the Industrial District. Not for long, Timothy thinks.

In the Throne Room, Forrest weeps loudly at the dining room table. Next to the bed, Alice's crib. He wipes his eyes, reality cracking open before him. What they did killed off an entire nation, and Echo paid the price for his negligence. Was her sacrifice really necessary in the end? Couldn't they have just used some desperate volunteer? The worst part about it is that the voices aren't talking to him anymore. Now, it's just him and his actions.

What made them disappear? Why did they leave his mind for once? Will they ever come back in some god-forbidden nightmare, or is this true? Silence. All his life, noise. No more. This time, he actually hears passing gales, howls bouncing off edges of hay rooftops.

He thinks about Echo every day; more specifically, the moment she went up in flames. The sound of the boom still rings through his mind like the church bells of some demonic sanctuary. The warmth of the ensuing fire wraps around his arms in this present moment, burning flesh and melting bone as if he's catching a glimpse of God's face.

Without the queen, what will they do? Would an election be of any use if the people are too afraid to move on? Crossing over to the window, he scans the kingdom below, just like how she used to.

Babylon is like this because of him yet he doesn't feel any guilt. What will be the thing that finally breaks him, that physical representation of dissolving boundaries in his psyche?

Ignatius is nothing more than a memory, but that memory persists through one's abstract perspective of matter. It's as if an invisible crater rests forever in the hearts of countless survivors. Whether that crater is of emptiness, regret, or shame, it's up to the host's decision. Forrest thinks about what happened to his partner, Marisa. Did she survive that terrible hour, or did she succumb to the collapse that's still changing the world?

History works in mysterious ways; it acts as a map, tracing back one's destiny to its origin. Forrest feels immense guilt for not studying it closer. Perhaps if he did, he would've been a more effective strategist during the Battle of Portland. Why does he keep thinking about the aftermath of that fight? In the van's cargo hold, during the king's transportation, he swears the hallucination of Echo felt more real than her. Should he feel uneasy about this realization? Is the moment even worth pondering on anymore?

He doesn't know if this is his schizophrenia, but recently, he catches sight of her ghost. Some nights, he even hears a faint whisper from some time in the past. Remembering what she said the day she died, he grins.

Chuckling, he says, "You wanted me to hear you. I do, now."

In the Housing District, Heather marches its roads with a squadron, Martial Law still in effect. The strange thing is, the Babylonians want it to continue. She notices a vibrant, yet colorless change in the atmosphere. What once emitted the illusion of hope now emits what has been behind that curtain this entire time. The stage has fallen, the glitch in the Matrix is real. It's almost as if an invisible virus is sweeping through them, hijacking any feelings of happiness. The worst part about it is that Heather still believes in making a brighter future out of this.

Is it foolish to fight for Babylon's state of isolation? Is it foolish to defend the place that gave you a second chance at life? Is it foolish to doubt karma in this world, even if it's for an instant? Humoring herself, she asks if it's foolish to believe in God now. Widening her eyes, a realization dawns upon the commander. The very foundations of reality are built on belief; we get what we want, but only when we earn it first.

All it takes is three knocks at the Gatehouse for the day to get even weirder. Heather opens the wooden and wrought-iron entrance, finding Marisa on the other side. She appears a lot worse now; skin dangles off her bones as if the epidermis is nothing more than rags covering a light-post. The commander imagines herself closing the gate on the poor girl, but she can't bring herself to do it. Babylonians should always save other people, even if they were once enemies. That's what Echo would've wanted.

At the meeting room in the Clock Tower, Merlin and Marisa sit at opposite ends of a rectangular table.

"You know what this is," she assures. "We lost; you won. I had to get out of the city on a raft."

"Are you surrendering?"

"No, I want to leave the acolytes so I can join you."

Merlin settles back in his chair, a single choice inviting the possibility of domestic terrorism. "What's it been like out there?"

"Terrible. The weather made it almost impossible for us to survive. Most of us are malnourished, barely able to make it to the next day. The fire… that damn fire did it to us. We don't have enough water to fight a fire and keep society intact. We let it burn because we had to, and we endured every second of it. Now, we spend most of our hours outside, trying to move on. They're too loyal to leave; I'm not."

"Do you have anything to rebuild the bridge?"

"No, I'm telling you, all of our equipment is useless. I came here, looking for a second chance. That's what this place is about, right? Giving people hope? Give me hope, Merlin. You knew who I was when I was with Ignatius, and I don't want to be that kind of person anymore. I don't want to be… codependent. Please, let me be who I want to be; I'll even be a prisoner for christ-sake."

Crossing over to her, he pats the girl down. "You'll be in the dungeons for two weeks. We have bigger issues to focus on right now."

Crying, she collapses to her knees. "Thank you. Oh, God!"

Grunting, he turns away, starting for the door. Outside, meeting Heather, the commander greets him by saying, "I should've just closed that fucking gate when I had the chance."

"No, you did the right thing. This is what Babylon needs right now. The people need to see the boundaries of good and evil dissolve before their eyes. Without that fear of working together, we will move past this. That's the only way we can. We've… we've been apart from each other for too long. We need to regain that camaraderie we once held for each other. Where did it go? What made it disappear?"

"Experience, Merlin."

He smirks. "The people need to understand that this is Babylon; this is what we're supposed to become. The way I see it, Forrest is out of the picture for now. It's time we put our heads together. First thing's first, I need handcuffs for a prisoner transportation."

That night, the commander knocks on the front door of Timothy's house.

Opening it, the gunsmith invites her inside. "What is it?"

"Merlin has an offer."

Scoffing, he crosses his arms. "Him? An offer? For me?"

"Don't be like that, especially now. Just listen to me."

"Fine, what is it?"

"He wants you to take him on in a debate."

"What?"

"He knows you think differently than him about the gun issue. You and him are the brightest minds this kingdom has. Think about it, two intelligent forces coming together to absolve us from Purgatory."

"It's childish to perform an act for an opinion. That's all debates are to me."

"Come on!" she shrieks. "Just throw me a fucking bone. Our leader is a hermit, and our other leader is dead. The people need someone to look up to."

"No."

Gritting her teeth, she resorts to one last choice. "All your life, you wanted the same recognition Merlin has. People know you for protecting Alice, but don't you want to be known for something historical, something that changes the pages of future history books? This world needs that right now, and you can be at its helm."

He rests his hand on his stomach, the point of the old bullet's impact. "Fine, you're right. I'll do it."

Happiness. Relief. "Thank you, Timothy. I'm glad we see eye to eye now."

"Why doesn't anybody reach out for him, you think?"

"Why reach for something that isn't there?"

The following day, construction workers build two stages in Babylon's trading district, podiums in their centers. A crowd slowly forms into a mob. At the front row, Heather and her squadron of knights. They aim guns directly at the people, who hold the grips of their own firearms tightly. Tension. That's the only word appropriate enough to encapsulate such a spectacle. Questions about Forrest dance in the air like lifeless mysteries. They wonder who will be the next queen, and when they'll start getting exports from the Farmlands or the Mines. Fragile times, useless safety precautions.

When the workers finish their projects, Timothy and Merlin take their positions at each one. Merlin scans their expressions, feeling that unforgettable weight of pressure. If someone says the wrong thing during this, a storm will surely strike. It's not fear Merlin and Timothy want to bring down upon them, but a sense of critical thinking. If a courtroom ever had the power to determine the future of a society, this would be that courtroom. The opponents are the judges, and the Babylonians are the jury.

Why do people feel this consistent need to stress the self-proclaimed holy virtues of their beliefs? Timothy thinks about this, glaring at his enemy from afar. This debate is not another war fought with the issue they're trying to fight; it will be one starting as a philosophical fern, the tree spewing its branches in every direction, in tune with the motions of its growth.

"Everyone!" Merlin cries out, cupping hands over his mouth. "May I have your attention?" Everyone thankfully settles down. "It's obvious we have a problem regarding guns. This debate is about whether we should keep them or get rid of them."

"Where's Forrest?!" A Babylonian screams. "We need the king! We need the king!"

The chant grows louder and louder, into a continuous stream of nonstop calls. Heather fires off a shot, quieting the madness instantly.

Timothy takes the spotlight. "He is not who we look toward anymore. He has forgotten us, because of Echo. Henceforth, we will be your new leaders." Gesturing to the once-upon-a-time teacher, he adds, "I think we're the dream team. We'll be a perfect fit."

The commander stares in shock. "What?!"

Merlin extends his hands, as if he's blocking some invisible marauder. "No, that is a great idea! Heather, don't you see? Until Forrest gets back on his feet, we will be the temporary stand-ins." Clearing his throat, he continues. "Now, in light of our most recent developments, we seem to have an influx of security. We need these guns."

Cheers erupt from the people. The knights do their best to calm them down.

The speaker waits for a moment of silence. "With these guns, I believe there should be a system set in place. That entails an entire reformation of our current one-rule policy. I'm talking background tests, safety classes, and training. We need to understand that these things aren't toys; they take lives. If everyone wants one, they need to prove themselves."

"How will you be able to change what the king wants?" Timothy asks. "How will you stand a chance against his word? Even if he does come back, he's not going to want to let go of the Monarchy. This is why I want to get rid of them: we need to honor our traditions." The knights appear to have crumbs of interest in his words; the crowd listens attentively. "When Forrest walks out of his throne room, do you want to think he wants to see everyone holding a gun? Do you wonder how that would make him feel?" He chuckles. "How can any of us forget Dante? All of you have the potential to kill us right now, where we stand. All it takes nowadays is a word to flip someone's switch."

"What about protection?" Merlin retorts. "What if terrorists burn down the Farmlands again, and the people don't have anything to fight with?"

"We have an army. You know that, right?"

"But don't you want to feel… self-reliant?"

"I'm thankful enough for our walls. As long as there's a roof over my head, that's all I care about. I don't want to worry about going into a gun factory where my workers would be able to snap and kill as they please. None of that matters, anyway; it won't change the fact that the king still has power."

Merlin grits his teeth. "It was a constitutional right for the people to overthrow America's government. It was a constitutional right to own a gun in case of such an event. The world is changing, and we need to change with it."

"It doesn't have to keep changing," Timothy argues. "You know we can stop it, but you let it happen. The more change we experience, the worse off we are. Every move we made during the war sent us back countless steps and people. How can we control the world if we can't even control ourselves? We need to get rid of them before anything bad can happen. Only the army should be allowed to carry arms, not a stranger in a dead man's world."

The more he talks, the more everyone seems to agree with the gunsmith. Merlin didn't intend for this to happen; he honestly thought that he would win them over. He already smells the burning pieces of lifesaving instruments.

Taking a leap of faith, Merlin speaks. "Echo was the first person I met when this whole thing started. It was lifetimes ago, but she was the one that got me to where I am today. I never got to thank her for that, but I guess I have to live with the guilt now. Anyway, I didn't know how to shoot. It was a miracle I even made it to that tunnel in Colorado. While we were making our way to Seattle, she taught me how to… save myself. We got into this situation at a gas station. It was the hottest summer of our lives. That night, a biker gang came to us. They beat Echo until she could barely breathe. I… killed all of them with a pistol. If I didn't have it, your queen would be dead." He glares at Timothy. "You're a gunsmith. Wouldn't you support customers having and using your product?"

"I want the army using my product, nothing from the war. We don't need these things reminding us of what happened. The only way to fix this is by getting rid of it. Would you trust me with a gun, Merlin? You know how much I despise you, what if I just decided to be the victor? What if God gave me the power to take your life with nothing more than metal and a mere trigger? If your policy goes through, would it really bring safety?"

"It will bring what I guide the people to understand. This power separates us from death. If we really want Babylon to become an empire, we should have the defenses to name it as such."

The hours press on like this, bouncing back and forth from one perspective to the next. A clear division makes itself apparent among the onlookers; cracks in a once unbreakable mirror become visible. Heather doesn't know what made them like this. Is this really how a society should behave after a war, especially one of Babylon's caliber? A helpless gaze up at the Space Needle brings her to a conclusion: society only prevails under wrath. When has there ever been a successful empire with merciless intent that survives without sin? Where is purity when you have to save people from doom?

Occasionally, knights fire off rounds, the scene resembling the Boston Tea Party. Civilians grow restless, angry; they pump their fists in the air as if they're observing a mosh pit.

"Do you want an answer?" Timothy finally cries out. "Well, we're the question. You decide what we should do."

Astonishingly, unanimously, Merlin watches with great fear as they chant, "BURN THE GUNS! BURN THE GUNS! BURN THE GUNS!"

The telltale time of change dawns on the kingdom. It comes quietly, like a whisper, but grows into the glass-shattering voice of a woman singing at an opera. Marisa moves out of the dungeons and into her own house. She spends her leisure time tending to a garden, pursuing art, and forgetting about Ignatius. Heather develops a romantic interest in Merlin, who remains oblivious due to Timothy dragging him into power. Timothy becomes prideful for solving the gun crisis, oftentimes rubbing it in Merlin's face at inappropriate intervals.

The Mines and the Farmlands become operational once again. Finally, Timothy's machines sputter back to life. Finally, people will bring home the bread and bacon. Where there is no bread, why not plant a wheat field? That's what the Babylonians come to realize during this period.

Forrest remains alone this entire time. Isolation becomes his happy place. He becomes too anxious to even peer out the window anymore. Nothing can make him forget about her; what is he to anybody now? How can he just pluck another queen out of an ocean of choices? How would he know who to trust when he can't even do the same with himself? Whatever it is, it builds his walls higher.

One day, a Russian survivor approaches Merlin in the Industrial District.

"I have an idea for you," the stranger insists. "My name is Jericho Ramsey. I saw the bridge when it collapsed. For what it's worth, I'm glad you're alive. I'm not so sure Forrest would be too keen on listening to me."

"What is it?" asks the new leader.

"We need to do this in private, absolutely. Can you stop by my house this afternoon? I live next to the playground."

"That sounds good. I'll see you then."

At the designated time, Merlin walks up the steps of the Russian's house. He knocks, Ramsey responds, and the civilian sets them up at a table in the kitchen. They eat fried rice, feeling good about themselves.

"Here's what I'm thinking," Ramsey starts. "You said that the world was changing, and we have to change with it. I have something in mind that follows your line of thinking: an expedition out east."

Merlin almost spits out his food. "What?! Why on Earth would we do something like that?"

Jericho sits upright in his chair, growing stern. "You want Babylon to become an empire. How can our boundaries grow if we don't know what's outside them? Forrest never let anybody outside the walls, but it doesn't have to be that way. We make this world a safer place by knowing it, by being capable enough to navigate through it. Have you ever wanted to contribute so badly to something but it made you feel guilty for being useless? That's how I feel every day when I walk these roads. I… I want to do something different, something I can be proud of."

"Pride will get you killed in this world."

"So will being ignorant of your surroundings."

Merlin sighs. "How many people are you thinking of taking?"

"Fifty-nine, Lewis and Clark style."

"Who will these people be? Knights? Peasants?"

"Volunteers."

"The last time we had an expedition, our old commander was killed. Do you really think it's a risk worth taking?"

"Alexander wanted oil from California, I want inner peace from Virginia. If I find any communities, I'll mark them and bring them back to the king for when he wants to conquer them."

A bleak atmosphere falls upon Merlin. "Where else did you fight during the war?"

"Portland."

"Do you think we're any different from the acolytes?"

"Survival isn't based off the nature of good or bad; it's about how much you want to be human. The acolytes are who we are. We got into this us and them mindset because that's just how the game was programmed. Now, the game is switching. There are hackers breaking through this infinite fucking firewall. When the game changes permanently, when we're living in the shadow of its former self, that's when we know if we're good or bad, and that's when you'll have your answer."

Merlin tilts his head. "Alright, I'll let you go. When were you planning on leaving?"

"A few days. I still need supplies, names, the whole shebang."

"Okay."

Jericho leans forward. "Don't doubt yourself, Merlin. You're making the right call."

"It's hard to tell what's right or wrong anymore."

The Russian smiles. "But it's not impossible. You must know that this would be beneficial for everyone in some way or another."

"I do, but the risk is what's stopping me from saying yes. Alexander went to California and found the acolytes. What will you come back with?"

"Change. A better world. The next frontier. Why don't you believe in me? What makes you think I'll end up in Alex's position?"

"You cannot disclose Murphy's Law. It's true in every scenario, especially one as perilous as this. You don't know what you'll find out there."

"I do."

"Oh? You think so?"

"Yes. It's what's been in front of us all along: destiny."

"Do you have maps?"

"What kind of explorer wouldn't?"

"A route?"

"Navigation is the most important part of any journey."

"The geography; will you be able to traverse through it?"

"I'll only expect trouble at the mountains. Beyond that, everything seems passable. The snow's finally letting up, too; it's the perfect time to spread our wings."

"That thing you said about doubting yourself… what made you say it?"

"Instinct."

Awestruck, Merlin lets himself breathe. "I gave Echo that exact advice. Tell me something, Jericho, what do you think of free will?"

"Look around you and tell me it doesn't exist. We are the ones who got us here. There is nothing else to blame."

"You're right. I'm sorry for not trusting you before; I'm just trying to be cautious."

"It's okay, I understand. In your shoes, I'd be acting the same way. It's a real shame what happened to Alex, and what happened after, but I promise it won't happen again."

"What gave you this idea?"

Jericho smiles. "A dream."

"How?"

"I had a vision of the East Coast. I was standing in front of this… metallic wall, higher than anything we've ever seen before. I turned around, and I found a sign for travelers entering Virginia. A whole section of America, with countless survivors occupying it. If I meet up with whoever's over there, maybe it will be better. Instinct, Merlin. Survival is all about instinct."

"When will you return?"

"Within two weeks of my departure."

Merlin chuckles. "How do you people manage to make this shit so hard?"

"Leading a society after a war is never meant to be an easy task." Grinning, Ramsey adds, "I'm sure you've heard of Pink."

"Who?"

Widening his eyes, the Russian's mouth drops. "Ever since the Farmlands were completed, people have found messages written in pink spray-paint on Babylon's walls. Most of the messages are in that region, probably because it's the farthest one from the gate."

"What… are the messages?"

"Let's just say the Monarchy won't be happy."

"Can you take me to them, right now?"

"Sure, I hope you're ready for a long walk, though."

UNEASY LIES THE HEAD THAT WEARS THE CROWN - SHAKESPEARE. DOWN WITH THE CROWN! ANARCHY SHALL GUIDE US! Merlin reads these messages, feeling what their creator felt in this moment. He never liked the way Forrest treated Echo, but this will be horrible if that damn hermit sees these scrawls. The queen's death, and now this? What else is going to come at them from thin air? What terrible tribulations does a nonexistent God have in store for them?

"The guards have seen his shadow," Jericho affirms. "The bastard's too slippery for them, though."

"Why has nobody told me?"

"Maybe they don't respect you."

"How is he getting through all of our squadrons of marching knights? How does he sneak out of the beams of flashlights as if he's nothing? How does any of this make any goddamn sense?"

"I don't know, but the only thing I do know is that you need to find who's been leaving these. They're a ticking time bomb for Forrest, and if this escalates into another Dante situation, the Babylonians will know Echo's death didn't change a damn thing."

"How did you know about Dante?"

"I have ears, Merlin. I listen. The secrets are here, in this present moment. I can read people like a book."

"Do you know about anything else?"

"Why would I tell you?"

"You want me to trust you; you're not doing a very good job at convincing me. Maybe I'll backslide on my decision."

"All I know is what's in my head. Take everything I say with a grain of salt if that's what it takes; I just need to manifest my own destiny."

Analyzing the messages, Merlin states, "This paint's fresh. These were recent. If we knock on some doors, maybe we'll get some answers."

"Eyewitness testimonies are the most useless forms of evidence in the court of law, but it's the only choice you have. There is no 'we'. I'll be gone."

"Right. You better start getting ready, then. I'll let Heather know about this as soon as possible."

That evening, in a barracks, Heather retorts, "I didn't know I was supposed to tell you!"

"Why isn't anybody letting me in on this shit? Other people have known since the Farmlands were rebuilt."

"You saw how they behaved when you were speaking. They obviously have different opinions, and most of them favor Timothy. I don't know the beef you have between each other, but it can't get any worse. If things get… physical… there's no telling what kind of madness will ensue. Control yourself, Merlin. Your ego, your pride, yourself, let it all go. That's the only way you'll gain their respect; that's something Forrest never did. He always held on to his issues, and look where it got him. The people don't know they need you in charge yet; you have to make them want you."

Hours later, Merlin watches as Jericho leaves the kingdom with his team. People are going outside the walls now, whether Forrest likes it or not. The more we isolate ourselves from one another, the more we'll spiral into something we can't come back from. The Babylonians can't be as broken as the world; there needs to be a sense of brotherhood amongst all of us. He doesn't know what makes him stay, but he remains at the gate for several hours, Babylon continuing behind him.

We sometimes find ourselves staring up into a vast, tameless universe. We have the audacity to believe that the truth to our existence is out there, hiding just beneath our noses. Perhaps the world ended because of our negligence to find it; we decided to waste our attention on unforgivable, treacherous activities.

Whether it's the temptation of evil or the natural devolution of good, society only prevails under wrath. When has a successful country ever been led through merciful intent? Where is that utopia we long to create, the Atlantis or Shangri-La that's just around the corner, waiting for someone to uncover it? Drain that damn ocean, Merlin thinks. Something guide us out of this shit hole.

Here, peering through the Gatehouse, he watches as another figure crosses the bridge alone. The guards upon the wall-walks call for the newcomer to stop; whoever it is obeys. Walking to the gate, the keeper opens it and closes it after he passes the threshold. They meet face-to-face on the drawbridge. The loner is of African-American descent, wields a three-pronged trident, and carries a military-grade backpack.

"Who are you?" Merlin demands.

"I go by Numbers, and I would like to speak to the leader about this society."

"I am its leader. I built it from the ground up. Whatever you have, offer it to me here. I'm not taking you inside."

"You don't trust me, yet you stand outside your only protection, open to people who might have crosshairs on you this very moment. That logic is inconsistent."

"A stranger can't be inside right now. We just went through something terrible, and I'm not going to willingly invite something terrible into our lives."

A wide smile appears on his face. "You're going to like what I have to say, then. I've been watching you since Portland. I know all about the war between you and the acolytes. I was there up until Golden Gate Bridge. After that, I got distracted by family business, but here I am. I just have one question to ask you."

"What is it?"

"Would you like to join the Second Silk Road?"

At the Throne Room, Heather kicks down the door, against the king's orders. He stumbles back from the force, but the commander catches him before he falls.

Standing upright, he screams, "What the hell?!"

His new appearance makes her gasp. The king now has a bald head, and he wears Echo's crown.

"How… did you get that?" Heather asks.

"She left it. It's like she knew what was coming."

Breathing heavily, she retaliates with, "It's been too long. I couldn't stand by and watch everything plunge into confusion anymore. We need order, and you're the only one that can provide it for us. That speech you made at the debate… none of that is true. I understand you're upset that Echo died, but damn it, you have people to lead. You have to honor the crown you're wearing on your head right now. Remember that night you were sick, delirious, barely conscious in the hospital? You told me that you had schizophrenia. Well, Forrest, if you want to get better, the only thing you can do is free your head."

To Be Continued…