ARTIST: J.R. Mason
ALBUM: Babylon's Final Hours
CHAPTER: VIII - The Babylonian War (Part 1)

Timothy leans over the safety rails, holding the spot on his stomach where Ignatius shot him. He overlooks the workings of complex machinery; steam-powered engines ignite the lives of conveyer belts, gargantuan pistons, slag collectors, saws, gears, gizmos, and nameless diamonds in an alchemist's rough. Humans are the puppeteers of the machine world; we pull the strings so they can make what we need. Every time Timothy watches this scene unfold before him, he usually feels accomplishment, pride, and greed. Now he feels anxiety. He wears protective eye equipment, shielding his eyes from the excess molten material from ores, whose supply is extremely low. A layer of sawdust covers the main floor, and workers pour every ounce of energy they can into making guns and ammunition.

They all fear the day when things run dry. What tactics will they resort to just to keep existing? Timothy turns away, rejecting these thoughts. In his office, he finds his tome, opening it to a blank page. Dipping a quill in ink, he scrawls out his mindset as if preparing for everyone to see a silver platter.

The days are much longer now. The fields are gone, and what we have in the silos won't last us through winter. We were just about to harvest the greenhouses; everything feels so… premature. My men are tired, sleepless, and frail. The war effort is futile in my opinion. Even with what we're making now, it won't be enough. Enough is never enough anymore. It's getting to the point where I can't tell a bullet from a whisper.

Knocking interferes with his progress. He opens the door, and in comes the queen, cradling Alice. Her prosthetic hand rubs the infant's hair as it snores against her chest.

Timothy smiles. "I can't believe I didn't notice you were pregnant. Forrest had to tell me near the end."

"You have your projects," Echo says, closing the door behind her. "I need a favor from you."

"And what's that?"

"I'm going to fight in the war; I don't care what Forrest thinks. I'm more useful with my people. During this time, I need you to adopt Alice. I don't want her to be alone, and I can't find a nanny; everyone in the city is too scared for their own families."

"Echo, I wouldn't have any time for her. She'd be alone in this room for an unknown amount of time. I don't even have a crib for her to sleep in."

"Weren't you the one who always wanted more recognition than Merlin? This is your golden opportunity. If you do this, people will notice and respect you for taking care of the Monarchy's child."

"Who will lead us when you're gone?"

"We live under Martial Law for now. The guards here are your leaders, and they communicate with us before they do anything. In a way, we're still leading."

"How will that communication be possible?"

"By creating our own temporary Pony Express."

Timothy shakes his head. "Everything's getting more complicated by the day. Sometimes I wish… he would've just killed me on the scene. Why do you think he let me live?"

"Psychopaths have their own way of doing things, believe me."

"Does it make a difference anymore, to be a psychopath or an empath?"

"Why do you think I don't want Alice to experience alienation? Yes, it makes a difference."

The gunsmith shrugs his shoulders. "You're right. I'm going to find some blankets so I can set her up in a drawer. Hell, if they invade us, she'll probably be safer in here."

Echo smirks. "That's the spirit."

Outside Portland, Oregon, a man emerges from the sewage system, climbing through the open mouth of a manhole. Across his chest, a satchel; on his face, the scars of distant fights and tormentors. One scar is in the shape of the number thirty-three. He takes a deep breath, decompressing after sneaking through a city filling itself up with militaristic outposts. Where did these people come from? What are their motives for settling on unnecessary property? He gets a bad feeling for the road, but disregards it for the sake of his own sanity.

The man reaches into his satchel, producing a compass. A smirk forms upon the affirmation that he's going down the right path. Repeating the directions, he says in a whisper beneath the pitch of howling snowfall, "46.1879 degrees north, 123.8313 degrees west. Astoria." Nodding, he presses onward, away from an impending conflict of historical proportions.

The Babylonian knights march with steady pacing alongside their stallion brethren; nobody can skip a beat in this line of work. Behind them, medics walk alongside the pushers of cannons and the carriers of gunpowder barrels. Uncertainty and motivation become their engine, they grit the fuel. They hold shields in front of their iron breastplates; swords rest in leather scabbards and straps keep Timothy's guns against their backs. Heather and Forrest lead the pack on horseback; the king wears his own set of armor, a crown, and a black cape. Heather dons a bulletproof mask, vest, and copper leggings. In her possession, a Thompson submachine gun. In Forrest's, an AKM.

They reach a bridge that leads into the city; beneath it, bodies rest with the river's frozen state.

"I have a proposal," Heather states. "We take Pittock Mansion. I've seen pictures of the place before; my relative lived there. It's a fortress; we can use it as a stronghold for our effort."

"We're not separating during battle," the king retorts. "We have to stick together. Safety in numbers."

"That mansion is the key to our victory. The location, the magnitude, the interior vantage points. We take it, we win. It's a stronghold; you know we need one, too. Either way, you put me in charge, and if I see a chance, I'm taking it."

Forrest chuckles. "When did you become so stubborn? Fine, have it your way. Just be sa-"

Bullets fly through the windows of bordering skyscrapers. The knights scatter, triggering a field of Bouncing Betties. The acolytes are already here, preparing the site for their own benefit. Heather rapidly gathers up a squadron of sixty soldiers; a falling skyscraper crumbles upon the road that connects her to Forrest, leaving her no choice but to fight towards the mansion. Whatever this is, it's an unfair fight. Ethical rules broken, the disturbance of nature's balance. Nobody feels guilt about what Echo's doing at another battlefield right this very second.

Downtown, Forrest hides behind the remains of a police cruiser, aiming over its hood at the acolytes who stand proudly upon windowsill after windowsill. Medics drag bleeding Babylonians into the lobbies of distant hotels and corporations; others prepare cannons behind metal shields and barricades of sandbags. Rusty military equipment from the early days lie beneath winter's weight, thanks to the Russian EMP. The skeletons of helicopters rest in street craters, and FEMA tents reek of decay. During the riots, this city was a base of some sort. Evacuation signs line the facades of some buildings, proving this area knew more than the surrounding regions.

Ignatius is here somewhere; you have to find him. The king reloads his AKM. "Where would I even begin to look?"

Follow the alleyway to your right. There aren't any booby traps. There's going to be a warehouse on the other side. He's in there, preparing a cargo van for delivery. "How the hell do you know that?" You'll understand soon enough. Before he rejects, a feeling of memorizing submission overwhelms any chance of rebellion. Despite his attempts to stay put, instinct prompts the king to follow their ambiguous path. Whether it be their control or him volunteering, he accepts. Whatever clues that help the Babylonians win is necessary.

He listens to the voices, slaughtering anybody that doesn't wear armor. If it wasn't for the Babylonians' loyalty for the king, he'd already be dead. Several peasants sacrifice themselves for an idea borne of mental illness, the fact only known to Heather and Echo. He doesn't understand why he told the commander. Was it the sickness that broke the straw of silence? Perhaps it was the pressure of keeping quiet all these years. Everything about that moment is a mystery to him; the strangest part about it is that he doesn't feel regret. Revealing something like that should leave some sting behind, some afterthought of hindsight. He doesn't recall feeling such an emotion. Was that nebulous haze of a choice the right one to make, or has he yet to suffer the consequences?

There! That's it! His eyes land on the metallic garages of a giant compound. A steel door in the facade; no guards nearby. You'll be fine; he doesn't even know you're here. He tries reloading his AKM, but gives up upon noticing a lack of ammunition. Dropping the gun and drawing the sword, he approaches the warehouse, gunfire echoing through the evening.

Gulping, he opens the door, revealing not a workshop, but the bedroom of his old house. A bright ray of sunlight from an unknown source casts a heavenly glow over the furniture. The universe shoves him inside, but he keeps a tight grasp on the sword's hilt. He's not in Portland anymore; he's back in the 50s. A record player from the living room blares wartime propaganda. His mother sings Earth Angel (Will You Be Mine) by the Penguins. A dog barks in the front yard. The smell of cooking eggs relieves his sinuses.

He approaches the door to the rest of the house, wrapping his hands around the knob. How is this possible? This can't be real. The king pushes it open, inviting whatever's on the other side. He meets the old hallway, and the music abruptly stops. Pressing onward, he reaches his brother's room. Wanting to see if this illusion can get anymore accurate, he peeks in. Upon seeing the President dangling from the ceiling fan, his heart drops. It shatters when Ignatius' eyes open. The villain produces a dagger from his pocket and cuts the rope, dropping to his feet with a steady thud.

The Babylonian takes a violent swing, and he's back in the warehouse. Before him, the archenemy, wielding a melee weapon longer and sharper than the king's. Every strike they take sends Forrest back to childhood memories. These forces clash through his past, all while the world burns around them. The voices replace the President with people he believes he cares about. Echo, Heather, Merlin, Timothy. Terror consumes the monarch; any lethal swipe can mean the death of someone who actually deals with him. The room spins in a beautiful dance of the balance between life and death, of good and evil. Sweat drips to the cement floor, evaporating in mere milliseconds. If one's life could depend on one wrong movement or stance, this moment is unjustifiable evidence of that idea.

A fatal miscalculation sends Forrest to his back. The President stands over him, knocking the king's sword out of his hands. You see, your majesty, this is what you get for making the deal with them, way back when you met Marisa. You neglect to realize we can be manipulative, too.

"Do you think I want to kill you?" Ignatius shrieks, howling with laughter. "That would be too merciful."

"I don't care where I end up," Forrest retorts. "As long as you're dead after this, that's all that matters."

The President kicks the fallen monarch in his head. "No! You don't get to say things like that anymore! Do you actually think you're going to get away with what you've done? You didn't think that there would be some balancing to counteract your ego? That's my fucking job now, and you're paying me for it!" He makes a beeline for the cargo van, returning with handcuffs. The totalitarian restrains the king against a pipe, one wrist separating the foe from a rabid death. "Do you want to know something, Forrest? We're not different. All of your men are going to die because of your arrogance. What did you want to show off by starting this; didn't you see my forces just now?"

Forrest spits in his face. "I will not forgo hope. I didn't build Babylon over the course of thirty years for nothing; she has a voice, and it's time people finally hear it!"

Ignatius kneels before him. "What makes you so dense? What causes you to reject the fact that we're the same person? Is this war your cowardice move to avoid acceptance? Can't you smell the blood of your people? Can't you hear the screams from mine? Your life is built around these delusions of grandeur, and I want to be the one to make you see that."

"We are-"

"DON'T SAY IT!" Distant explosions shake the building. "That cargo van I have is built under armored plating. When your people get here, I want them to see me take you hostage. Why the fuck did you decide to take me on alone?"

"Why do you want to be like me, Ignatius?"

"What?"

"I'm not repeating myself. Every time I see you, you always bring it up. Why do you idolize me like that?"

"Idolize? If anything, I look at you as the worst possible version of myself. Do you want to know the funny thing about life? A few moments and instances is all it takes for someone to become good or evil. You understand this; you deliberately chose the darker path. Pretty soon, I'm going to be just like you."

"Is this what your life has become? Staring into the reflection of a downward spiral? You killing Alex started this. You came into a territory you had no permission to cross into. Nobody's ever stood up to you before? That ends now. And if these are Babylon's final hours, if she burns, so be it. At least you won't step foot on her grounds."

Ignatius chuckles. "Damn. You are a fighter, aren't you? How many people have you killed?"

"More than you."

Babylonian cannons strike the roof, and the President knocks the king unconscious. "Fuck, I thought I had more time." Retaining his calm, he frees the Babylonian's wrist from the pipe and drags him into the van's cargo hold, escaping to Marisa's fort.

Elsewhere, Heather leads her own squadron of Babylonians to their final destination. Whilst fighting down winding streets, through the ruins of strip malls and skyscrapers, among the bodies from fallen survivors, they stumble upon the acolytes' booby traps. Bouncing Betties leap into the air, detonating at less than a meter. Projectiles spray out in every direction imaginable. Thanks to the iron armor, most knights come out unscathed. However, some blasts severely injure the weaker ones, and they collapse to the ground, welcoming their inevitable fate. Some fall into pits dug right out from the center of an asphalt pathway. Poison darts strike the exposed parts of many, killing them almost instantly. The Vietnam War clearly gave inspiration for these jungle entrapments.

The road to Pittock becomes the site for the bloodiest spot in the battle. Bullets, grenades, and the consistency of the pair rips Portland apart from the seams. To the millionaire isolationist taxpayer, the worst part of war is the property damage; to the survivor, it's dealing with their own actions. What would you do if you were in these streets, barely able to see more than ten feet ahead of you because of dust, snow, smoke, and debris? How would you cope with the loss of a best friend, neighbor, or romantic interest? Would you watch them bleed, or would you run? In war, those are your two options when it comes to those moments.

Heather learns to use her time wisely. Strategy is borne out of patience, not selfishness. Through this philosophy, she guides the remaining Babylonians down this road from hell. During this time, she realizes that there is no difference between good and bad during war. Boundaries dissolve into a fray for your own life; a second and self-actualization hurtle everything into a melting pot of chance, risk, and reward. Desperation turns into your most useful tool against the enemy, and it's all the Babylonians have.

At one point, the Commander triggers a bear trap, and metallic prongs cling to her iron leggings. The knights come to her aid, but a bomb lands just inches in front of the trap. It explodes, separating the leader from help. Medics break through, pulling her into a nearby pizzeria. Outside, the fighting continues; some acolytes follow Heather to the hideout, where knights protect the temporary triage center. On a table, Heather tears off the bulletproof mask, shrieking as medics peel off the bear trap, whose prongs are sharp enough to pierce through iron armor. The doctors scramble for their first aid equipment, retrieving stitches, rubbing alcohol, gauze, and painkillers. After stitching and dressing the wounds, she sits upright.

"Well?" a doctor asks. "Can you walk?"

She puts pressure on the leg, smiling upon managing to stand. "They didn't puncture anything vital. The armor must've cushioned the impact." Relief. A timeout. "Pittock's not far from here. When we get there, we have to be ready to pry it from those bastards' hands."

A knight approaches the door, scoffing. "You think they're already there?"

"Any competent strategist would make it a stronghold." She sighs. "There's going to be a lot of people there; more than we've seen so far, probably. When we take it, we're going to win. That's all that matters. No sacrifice is pointless anymore."

From here, grit fuels their survival. During the Battle of Thermopylae in 480 BC, 300 Spartans fought the Persian army until they all died. The Babylonians feel that same aura; the acolytes outnumber the knights in a ratio of 5:1. From what they see during battle, Heather's troupe concludes that most of them are skillful at combat.

Finally, they reach Pittock Mansion, where the residents of San Francisco stockpile their resources. Now, only ninety-six knights remain; in the building, Heather calculates a range from 150 to 235. Low on ammunition, medical equipment, and energy, they conjure whatever motivation they can to bring Heather's plan into reality. Acolyte snipers position themselves in the mansion's windows, firing in unison at the approaching knights.

Pittock's architecture comes from the styles of a French Renaissance chateau. It was built in 1909 as a private estate for Henry and Georgiana Pittock. Henry was a publisher, active in Republican politics and the great-grandfather to Heather. Thanks to her background, the commander knows of several secrets that will be useful to them after they obtain the outpost. Memories of this place flow through that frail mind. On her fourteenth birthday, January 18th, 1943, after Henry's death, her family gathered here to celebrate the announcement of Heather becoming the heiress to the Pittock fortune. She enjoyed the money for a few years, right up until the blackout. However, she's glad the blackout took every material thing out of her life. The greed was getting to her head, and if she kept going down that road, she figures she'd turn out to be just like or worse than Ignatius.

She cowers behind an ice-cream truck, bullets zipping by in every direction. Some Babylonians fall from cases of friendly fire; others are crushed under the weight of vehicles after being launched into the air by grenades. Just when she thinks there's no hope, cannonballs fly through the mansion's windows, striking the snipers and sending them to their maker. The facade becomes the focal point of the conflict, and when the acolytes feel desperate, they charge out of the mansion, wielding melee weapons of all shapes and sizes, each blade reflecting the sun's winter rays.

The Babylonians, now out of ammunition themselves, fight fire with fire. Iron clashes against steel; sparks from instant contact spray in every direction. Shields block fatal swings, and sighs of relief blend in with passing winds. It's here where Heather declares this event the Siege of Pittock, cataloging it in her mind's databanks. These gestalt moments will come together under her umbrella term, "The Babylonian War". She thinks about how Merlin will teach about this day in the future, and this gives her the motivation to continue. In the back of her mind, she knows the other knights have these same thoughts. Somehow, they'll get him back from the acolytes.

They eventually breach the stronghold, pushing the cultists into the building. In one of the topmost rooms, Brandon Sherman, Ignatius' most trustworthy lieutenant, reloads a FN MAG. He wraps a coil of ammo around his shoulders, hoisting the heavy equipment into the air. Rage pulls him into the hallway, where he proceeds downstairs.

The tables turn against the Babylonians upon his arrival. Bullets pierce through armor, and Heather has to hide beneath the fallen knights to survive. She remains here as the clash continues, but miraculously, the Babylonians press on, believing in everything they can. Eventually, Brandon runs out of bullets, and the knights get the upper hand; the acolytes retreat, pouring into the mansion's front lawn.

Her soldiers aid the commander to her feet. "We need to prepare this place; they'll be back."

A female volunteer asks, "Where do we start?"

Heather smirks. "Grab whatever guns you can, find whatever ammo you can, and position yourselves at the windows. I have a surprise for everyone."

In the mansion's library, she approaches a large painting. Smiling, she removes the artwork, revealing a hidden hatch on the other side. Wrapping her hands around its knob, she opens it, revealing a valuable stockpile of guns and boxes of ammunition. Henry was also a gun collector; he supported the second amendment, albeit a select few of the arms inside are illegal.

When the knights receive the weapons, confidence flows through the mansion like a cloud of gas. Heather does another headcount, coming to the number thirty-five. They wait until nightfall for the next attack. Snow continuously falls from the sky, blanketing the front lawn in a heavenly, virgin white color. To Heather, this moment represents the worst side of the chaos and order paradigm. They're all cold, scared, but waiting to protect an idea that's clearly worth dying for now. Babylon has never experienced something like this before; however, an aura of understanding rings through her heart, for they're all experiencing it together.

A knight standing beside Heather says, "Why didn't you get the guns before they took over the mansion?"

"How was I supposed to know about Oregon's involvement? I didn't have enough time."

The Babylonian soldier shifts his position, exhaustion consuming his psyche. "Tell me why we're doing this. Is it just because of Alex?"

Heather scoffs. "He was your leader for years, and that's how you honor him? What if it was? What if it's simply because we can't coexist with them?"

"Did Forrest want this?"

"He wants Babylon to succeed. Sometimes, kingdoms have to do this kind of shit to become empires."

Suddenly, gas canisters land in the front yard. Poisonous mist emits from the equipment, and the Babylonians naively duck beneath broken windows, covering their faces with anything they can find. Some knights resist the clouds, firing into the darkness as black shadows approach the mansion like demons crawling out of hell. The acolytes don masks and suits to protect them against the forces of this terrible retaliation. What they have up their sleeve is bromine, a powerful chemical capable of melting flesh to the bone.

Abiding by intuition, Heather abandons the scene through a first-floor window overlooking the backyard; the Babylonians can't afford to lose another commander, not at a time like this. A captain always goes down with their ship, but what happens when that captain is morally obligated to protect the future of the idea that built the ship? Will people only remember her as the woman who went AWOL from this moment on, or will she be lucky enough to have no survivors following that scent? Is it morbid to hope for the latter at the risk of banishment? Dante Alighieri was an Italian poet in the Late Middle Ages; he was exiled from Florence for being an absconder. Will that aura Frankenstein itself back into Babylon, a crude repeat of that mystic event?

That night, the cruelest form of slaughter occurs within Pittock's impenetrable walls. As poison engulfs the land, Babylonians rip off their armor, surrendering to Brandon, who guns dying knights down with his machine gun. By the time his reign ends, blood paints every surface imaginable. He notices the abrupt increase of their guns, stealing them. The lieutenant takes a moment to treasure the aroma of death, a thick crimson scent blending with copper. His men return to their regular duties before Heather's arrival. They clear out the bodies, waiting for the gas clouds to disappear, but they don't dig graves. Instead, Babylonian corpses now line the front yard, acting as a final warning.

The commander copes with her failure, returning to the fight downtown with an Owen Gun. Over ninety people, dead because of her within the course of an evening. Is this effort to change things futile? Combing over similar thoughts, Heather wonders what her next move will be. Gathering more Babylonians for a second attack? Finishing downtown? Which option contains the least amount of casualties? What saving grace can prevent their destruction? If Emperor Clovis gets a cross in the sky from God that helps his people win fights, that same force should allow Babylonians the power to conjure hellhounds to right the acolytes' wrongs.

During her return downtown, Heather realizes that Alighieri's crime wasn't that he was an absconder; his true act was publishing a vision that the world wasn't ready for. Babylon is analogous to this chain of thought, and it motivates the commander to push the AWOL event out of her head, for now at least. She can't go back to Pittock; Brandon has his hands on what she was after anyway. What is she going to tell Forrest?

Outside of Portland, the king wakes up in the back of Ignatius' van; its wheels rumble across some bumpy road in the boonies of the apocalypse. At some point, the Babylonian lost his crown and burnt away the purple cape. The material he wears are leather garments, which Ignatius put on during his coma.

The voices did this on purpose; havoc is their only reason for existence. Snow howls outside the cargo hold, and distant gunfire fades quickly into the background. He rubs his eyes, acclimating himself. They knew this would be the outcome, and he fell for their seduction like he always does. Turning his head to the left, a hallucination of Echo sits quietly. She lays her cold, ghostly hands on his lap, and tears flow down the king's cheeks. Pure exhaustion rings through his heart, letting everything out to this spirit.

"I'm… so tired, Echo."

"Heather isn't."

Rubbing his eyes, he says, "What?"

"Pittock was a failure. More than ninety people, gone, and she left to survive during a gas attack."

Bewilderment, heartbreak, and hopelessness. "Why did I trust her? Why do I trust you?"

"I'm Echo; why would I lie to you?"

"You're a mirage."

"Am I? Perhaps some part of me is permanently stuck to you. Do you think those voices of yours would know who I am had I not met you? There is an undeniable impact I have on you, and you know what it is: my submission to your control."

He chokes on his words. "Why do you stay with me, after everything I've done to you?"

"I believe in Babylon. Although you're a psychopath, I want it to succeed just as much as you do. Future generations will remember us, but I want them to remember it for good reasons."

"Do you want to kill me?"

"If I did, we wouldn't be talking."

"Do you hate me?"

"I'm not allowed to do so."

"Oh."

"The thing is, Forrest, one day, this will come crumbling down around you. Everything about what you think you know about me will change, and when it does, you have to be ready. I'm starting to decode your game, and your selfish ego prevents you from comprehending my capabilities. You try using schizophrenia as a gift; you obsess over that need. I'm beginning to see who you really are."

"Echo, I… I love you."

"I love you, too."

The apparition disappears. Shadows dance across the walls, whispers following their tails. The road grows bumpier, and it's as if the van's driving off-road now. Before the climax of this vision, the cab smashes into a tree, turning everything upside-down. The crash breaks the cargo hold's doors open; winter's screams flow into the mobile cell. Forrest doesn't black out, but a severe headache forms in his cranium upon regaining stability. He stumbles outside, falling dazedly to his knees. Surrounding him, miles of bare bark corpses. How did they steer so far off course? Standing up, he scans the environment for any signs of the President. The monarch then investigates the cab, finding a broken windshield, an airbag, and an empty seat beneath puddles of blood. His eyes land on footprints leading away from the scene, into the woods. Malice grows with every step as he follows the trail like a bloodhound tracking an escapee. Terminus is a word that means, "End of the line", and whoever stands at the end of this one is the physical embodiment of that very definition.

The snowfall hastens, and nature covers up any leads. He finds himself stumbling through an empty landscape, with little protecting him from harm. Somewhere in the distance, a wolf's cry echoes through desolation. Fear overwhelms his bravery, but he doesn't know which way to go. Back at the van, he'll find nothing; the same goes for if he continues down this path. When you're lost, the only way out is through. The repetition of this mantra fuels the king's motivation. Whether or not these hellhounds attack him is up to nature; if it's his time, then it's his time. Natural selection will never turn its back on the world's balancing act, and who is he to take that power away from something so omnipresent?

Can you see it, Forrest? Do you know how close you are to becoming one of us? You fail to recognize that you are the victim of yourself. There's a pack of wolves nearby, and they're hunting you. We don't have to lie to you anymore; you're going to end up dead soon anyway.

He feels eyes peering at him from behind dead trees. This sensation exists all around him, as if there're more than five stalkers. The worst part of this situation is its grounding in reality. What if the voices are playing tricks on him? How would it feel like to let one of these fanatical cryptids chew away at his arm? Is it pointless to search for a deeper meaning in this event? After all, a symptom of schizophrenia is believing that an ordinary event has special and personal meaning.

Silhouettes of ravenous beasts wax and wane into the endless mist; the Devil's pets are circling, taunting the weak Babylonian as if they're vultures flying high above their prey. Growling from behind stops all movement. Running ahead would be suicide; turning around would yield the same results. They say that God made the hardest choice by sacrificing his son for our sins. What if someone could be put in a worse situation than that?

A humanoid figure emerges from the storm; she's at least thirteen-years-old, wears a tiara, and covers herself in a blue corset. In her left hand, the tip of a golden scepter.

Forrest stops. "Who are you?"

"You should know your own daughter by now, dad."

He squints. "A… Alice?"

"Yes."

"How can that be possible?"

"The mind is powerful. What's that saying you were taught in school? Mind over matter."

"Are you real?"

"Is anything around you real? Can your delusional conceptions of leadership withstand the sands of time?"

"I'm sorry."

"For?"

"Leaving you alone. A king has to protect his people; I'm trying to show them that I'm not a fraud."

"This is because of you dodging the draft during Vietnam, isn't it?"

"How do you know that?!" he exclaims. "I had no choice! The army would've found out, and I would've been sent to an asylum! Do you know how hellish those places are?!"

She grabs him by the hand. "Come with me."

"Where are you going?"

"You'll see."

Wolves pounce at them, showing their razor-sharp molars. White fur helps the animals blend in with their surroundings, like chameleons. When they attack, they disappear, leaving Forrest in a constant state of catatonia; Alice becomes the only thing that controls his movement. Further down the path, they come across a clearing. In the middle of it, gallows burning to the ground. Babylonian corpses encompass the murder machine; they're all of Forrest's victims, manifesting in one area to show how far gone he really is. The girl leads him to the bodies, gesturing over their deflating positions.

"Do you know how many of your own people you've killed?"

"No."

"Do you know the effects such demonstrations have on the populace?"

"No."

"When was the last time you felt regret?"

"I… I… why do you need to know that?"

Alice smirks. "Don't worry, dad. Anything you say is completely confidential."

His eyes fixate on the fire. "A few years ago, Echo went beyond the walls. This was during a time when anybody could. She was hunting, and this bear rips off her arm. The most captivating thing about this story is that she still managed to kill it. Do you want to know the first thoughts my brain came up with after I heard the story? At least we have more meat. That's when I forced myself to feel sorry for someone else's pain. I didn't want the burden of an ego… I just wanted to care. I still want to care, but I… I don't want to get too attached to anything. Anyway, after that event, that's when we became isolationist."

"Follow me again."

"Isn't the trail back to the van in the other direction?"

"All paths lead to the same destination. Everything happens for a reason. Just go with the flow."

"You don't understand; Babylon is at war right now. I have to be with my people. They'll know who to thank after this is over."

"So you're only fighting for your ego?"

"Isn't that why anybody fights beneath all the facades we project? Isn't the act of survival something to be proud of? How about the act of helping your people?"

"You haven't changed at all. Does some part of you want to get better?"

"OF COURSE! BUT WHO CAN I TRUST NOW?! IF I TELL ANYBODY, WE'D FACE REVOLUTION!"

"You weren't afraid of that when you told Heather."

He gulps, remembering that distant night in the hospital. "I was sick, delusional. I didn't know what I was saying."

"Have you two talked since then?"

"About the war, not… that, though."

"Does Echo know you told her?"

"No, we're going to talk about it when this is over."

"In that case, let's get a move on."

Ten minutes of walking pass, and they happen upon the ruins of a slaughterhouse. A sign on the door reads NO TRESPASSING. Conscious of her decision, Alice leads him into the relic. Here, he begins coughing from winter's exposure. The girl leads him to the main floor, where black, infinitely rotten carrion dangles from hooks. The cold doesn't keep the swarms of maggots and flies from partaking in their usual behavior. Thankfully, this area seems to be a suitable hideout.

Alice sighs. "If you went back to the van, hypothermia. At least you just have a cough."

"How long do I have to be here for?"

"Until the snowfall stops."

"Did Ignatius make it?"

"How would I know that?"

"You seem to know everything about me."

"His people are traveling in mobile campsites, like the tribes. He'll find one eventually."

"Even if he's wounded?"

"He wants to see you fall before he dies. I doubt the crash was fatal."

"Do you know where we are?"

"Southern Oregon. A long ways from Babylon."

"Where can I go from here?"

"Do you remember what Merlin said all those years ago? The path to heaven begins in hell. This is your hell, Forrest. This can be your chance to redeem yourself."

Back downtown, Heather joins the Babylonian knights as they swarm a skyscraper. They flood into the lobby, drawing their blades against the forces of a seizable vantage point. The roof gives way to a perfect aerial view of Pittock Mansion, a vital pathway for the commander's next decision. With an urge of hope, the commander fights with her people to the top of the tower. The thing that terrifies her the most about war are the screams of the dying. Some cry out for God, begging for their father to just let them come home. With no available medics, people die on the scene. Heather feels guilty for surviving the bear trap incident, as if she needs to experience what they're experiencing to get a full understanding of what she did to those people after the siege. She turns her focus away from these things, homing in on her fighting capabilities and bravery.

The skyscraper becomes vital to the Babylonian's success. Stairwells and narrow hallways paint themselves in the blood of the weak. Smoke clouds build up from consistent gunfire, choking some to death. The battle damages the skyscraper's structural integrity, and when the knights reach the rooftop, it sways slowly, barely noticeably, beneath their feet. They steal snipers from fallen acolytes, taking their positions along the rooftop. Below, the fighting continues in the streets. Who knows how long they have until their enemies reach them again?

Heather watches as expert shooters calculate wind currents. Their crosshairs focus on Pittock's facade, finding humanoid shadows in the snowfall. Hellfire rains down upon their foes, surprising all inside the mansion. One Babylonian manages to find Brandon, but a fatal error sends the bullet flying right above Sherman's shoulder. The commander turns her attention to the main conflict, ensuring the building's safety from those goddamn acolytes. The thing that worries her is that if the battle inflicts anymore damage on the skyscraper, it will collapse.

As the scene unfolds before everyone's eyes, a dreadful aura consumes the battlefield. This intuition grows stronger with every passing second, and Heather finds its source after looking over her shoulder: a fleet of airships from San Francisco just over the eastern horizon. They fly in a 3x3 grid pattern; hatches along their underbellies allow good passage for bombs. The only chance the Babylonians have is shooting at the fabric.

"ARMADA!" screams the commander. "WE HAVE TO GO!"

"We lost people on our way here!" retorts a knight. "We can't just forget that shit!"

"We're not! I'm keeping you alive so that you can remember it; but now, we need to leave!"

"And go where?" the previous Babylonian inquires.

Heather moves over to the roof access. "Back to the fight. We need to end this."

The fleet arrives quickly, dropping explosives onto unsuspecting knights. Buildings collapse under the responsibilities of retaining themselves in this environment. In her mind, Heather knows Forrest made the right call in negotiating boundaries. If this took place at Babylon, they'd lose a lot more than the Farmlands. Every time she closes her eyes, out of shock, fear, or disarray, Brandon's face still appears. He is the only consistent thought right now, perhaps for good reason. She figures killing him would redeem herself from losing the Siege of Pittock. The only way to achieve this is by drawing Brandon away from the mansion. Keys to her success fly high overhead, but they're not out of reach.

Uncertainty is a leading force of expression in the universe. The balance between good and evil is only but a small part of the sum of our collective unconscious. War and uncertainty share a nuclear bond, a bond almost atomic, for the scars of both ring through endless centuries like the blasts of Hiroshima or Nagasaki. Nothing is clear during these periods; nebulous demands bounce off a climate where negative change is the only consistency. People believe that since we aren't born with murderous limbs like tusks, horns, or claws, this means we weren't built to kill one another. That's why soldiers return home with mental disorders. It becomes apparent to Heather that this idea is false. If man is capable enough to construct weapons of mass destruction from thought alone, even if they're meant to protect his home, then he, deep down, has always felt killing to be justifiable to some extent.

The fleet pulverizes the Babylonians. Gunslinger knights climb crumbling towers in a desperate effort to destroy the sky demons. At this point, food supplies are close to zero. Ammunition on either side is drying up like a pond in the desert. Even the bullets they steal from the infected are gone. Somehow, Heather manages to take down two Zeppelins with a bazooka. While reloading it for a third shot, a bomb lands ten feet away from her, and she evacuates the scene, dropping and breaking a bridge out of obsolescence.

The surface of Portland turns into Swiss cheese; craters polka-dot the landscape like a child with smallpox. A third Zeppelin goes down because of its lack of fuel. A fourth from the blast of a flare gun. A fifth from a knight sniping a pilot. The rest go down in a similar manner, over the course of two hours. However, after the armada dies out, the Babylonians' numbers are severely below that of their rivals. The knights who weren't exposed to this technology wonder why Forrest built Babylon into a kingdom. Why don't we have this equipment? Why is there such a restraint on moral progression? If he wants to emulate the Dark Ages completely, he's doing it right.

The moment finally comes when bullets run dry. Hand-to-hand combat rips through the fabric of sanity. Survivors from both sides will remember this day for years to come. No matter how hard they try, they won't be able to forget about this tragedy. An interesting thing about war is that, although we perceive the other side to be the enemy, they still go home feeling the same regret, sorrow, and moral decay. The essence of a societal machine exists primarily at the core of any war. It becomes difficult to perceive one's right to exist.

The conflict forces many to confront their religious beliefs. Some toss it away while others pick it up. The acolytes seem to sense this self-doubt, capitalizing on it by damning Babylon. A ninth circle of Hell forms around them; winter mixes with fire in an incredible chemical romance, like how tea blends with honey. As day fades into night, one's morality turns into immorality. There is no way to survive a situation like this without giving into your most basic, primitive actions. This raw world is about what you do, not what you want to do. The Babylonians, through this collective instinct, become calculative. Any food they find on their victims, they eat or save it for their families.

The loss of acolytes attracts Brandon to the scene, who aims his machine gun at any target possible. Gritting his teeth, the lieutenant fires off seemingly infinite rounds; empty shells spray everywhere, striking some of his own men. After witnessing the destruction of an entire fleet, he has no mercy. Nobody gets a second chance today; he doesn't care if Ignatius won't like it. His tactics send the Babylonians fleeing; Heather hoists herself into a dumpster, clouds of dust preventing the lieutenant from spotting her.

When the onslaught ends, Heather grasps the hilt of her sword tightly. Brandon's the only one with ammunition right now; the other acolytes chase after the Babylonians, leaving the lieutenant on a search for her.

"I DIDN'T SEE YOU LEAVE WITH THEM!" he shrieks. "I REMEMBER YOUR FACE! SAN FRANCISCO HAS STORIES ABOUT YOU, COMMANDER! I KNOW HOW BADLY YOU WANT THAT MANSION, AND I KNOW HOW MUCH YOU WANT TO SEE ME DEAD! But as far as I'm concerned, you brought a knife to a gunfight."

He checks every nook and cranny of the block, shooting at anything suspicious. The gunfire tethers Heather to her hiding place; she figures staying put is the smartest thing to do, for a bullet from the machine gun is strong enough to cut through their armor. Even if she finds something to hide behind, what would she do? She's practically defenseless, and it wouldn't take long for the bullets to destroy her fanatical barricade. The commander feels like she's caught in a rat trap.

Eventually, Brandon reaches her dumpster. Looming over the lid, he knows this is the spot, his own personal treasure chest. Wrapping his hands around the cover, a surprisingly fatal force strikes the lieutenant's chin. He stumbles backwards, dropping the machine gun and screaming as it clatters across the floor like a stone being cast over a pond. Heather reveals herself, dropping down to her feet, the tip of the sword against Brandon's throat. Just out of reach, his only chance of survival.

"Where's Ignatius?" Heather demands. "He told us he'd be here. He gave us his word."

Brandon presses his throat harder against the sword. "He has Forrest. He's gone."

"Where are they going?"

"Marisa's fort."

Closing her eyes, she finishes the job. Around her, Portland burns to the ground. Ash blackens the sky, choking anyone in the upper stories of these gargantuan towers. Behind her, the Babylonians fight the remaining acolytes, withstanding waves of treacherous infantry. As a soldier, you never forget the smells of warfare. Whether it be the stench of your friend's organs strewn out across his body, the smoke of blazing infernos, or the simple act of survival, the odor of betrayal and deceit remain unforgotten in the eyes of a forgotten justice.

At the slaughterhouse, Forrest finishes crafting a makeshift bow and arrow. Outside an open doorway, snow falls against the backdrop of dead trees. The Alice hallucination sits in the center of the main floor, watching the king with great curiosity. He notes that the stubbornness of this entity makes her the longest-lasting visual. No matter how many times he shouts at her to go away, to disappear into the Aether, it only makes her want to stay. He figures the war is worsening his schizophrenia, wondering if he would be seeing her if it wasn't happening. These thoughts haunt his mind as he bounds over the threshold, into this cold morning.

He hunts for most of the day, coming up short in most occasions. When he's about to give up, he spots a large, animalistic silhouette in the distance: a black bear. He follows a path to it, remembering the day Echo got her arm torn off by one of these beasts. Aiming his arrow, he holds his breath, launching it into the unknown. It pierces through the side of the animal's head, crying as it goes down. Smirking, the king approaches his game, ideas formulating in his head.

He takes the creature back to his hideout, skinning it with a sharpened rock. Over the course of three hours, he puts together a fur suit, reminiscent of what Native Americans would wear during their travels across peculiar lands. He's always admired their mobility and resourcefulness, but the tribes today act nothing like how they did all those years ago. Donning the suit, he instantly feels warmth. Alice stays quiet.

"Are you ever going to say anything?" he asks. "I can leave now without getting sick. Does that bother you?"

"No, because unlike you, I have direction."

"How does a spirit have such a thing?"

"Like I said, my job is to help you redeem yourself."

"Why would a voice want that for me? You're just a symptom, you seek something more."

"I'm your child. Why would I want to hurt you?"

"You can keep saying that, but she's back at the kingdom, with Timothy. You said Ignatius is still alive, but he's bleeding. I need to end this."

"Really? You don't have something else eating away at you?"

"No."

"What about Merlin?"

The king pauses. "What about him?"

"Jesus Christ, do I have to spell it out for you? If you save him, your people would respect you more. Imagine how much help he can be."

"Infiltrating San Francisco is a suicide mission. I'll get to him when this is over."

Alice smacks herself in the face. "AM I TALKING TO A FUCKING BRICK WALL?! HOW DENSE CAN ONE PERSON BE?"

He turns 'round, facing her. "All my life has been is an uncontrollable sin. I had dreams before Babylon, Alice. I had ambitions that were helping me with my schizophrenia. I come into people's lives like a forest fire, because I have this undeniable urge to control people. Do you want to know what it's like, not knowing how to tie those instincts up? I've been a prisoner; the only thing that distracts me from ending it are Echo, my actual child, and the kingdom's success. That's why I do what I do." Lowering his gaze, he ponders on a realization. "You're right."

"I am? Are you sure?"

"Only a select few have to live and die for this to end quickly. I need Merlin back to help us with the war effort."

"Good." The hallucination stands up. "Before I go, why did you build Babylon into a kingdom?"

"Where would the peasants be without one?"

"We've taught you well." With that, she exits the room.

Having a direction in mind, he disregards Ignatius for the real prize. To Hell with chasing after him; this is the perfect time to sneak into and out of the city. Most of their military is fighting; he'll only have to deal with guards. However, what would be the right way in? The Golden Gate Bridge would be suicide, and it's their only entrance. He stores these concerns for the future, letting the relief of survival wash over him. Some people feel guilty for this act, but he venerates it. Congratulations, you get a second chance at setting things right.

Without feeling sorry, he carries on. Without feeling shame, he carries on. Living through these terrible days helps him convert his pain into motivation. During the journey, he wonders if this decision means going AWOL again. Reminding himself of Merlin's usefulness, he figures it's worth it.

At Marisa's fort, the Warden stands outside, observing the campsite in its front lawn. In the tents, boxes of ammunition, food, water, and medicine. Behind her, soldiers add reinforcements to the Civil War structure. Some work tirelessly at crafting Molotov cocktails, coats, smoke grenades, and car bombs. Gazing at all the burnt-out vehicles on the roads leading to this place, the Warden realizes how they can use them to their advantage.

"Jenkins!" she screams at a soldier. "What's the news?"

A man twice her size approaches. "While we were scouting, we found him. I ran ahead so I could give you the heads-up."

"Is he injured?"

"He was. He found one of our mobile camps, and they patched him up."

"Thank God. Bring him to me when he gets here."

"I was already going to do that. Is there anything I can do in the meantime?"

"Help Baxter with the car bombs. I trust him, but some extra brainpower wouldn't hurt."

"On it."

The President arrives with the scouting party thirty minutes later. Bandages cover his arms and legs, and scratch marks plague his face. He doesn't look mad that he lost Forrest, rather he's in a state of total acceptance, with calculative thoughts flowing in the back of his mind. He begins to see the conflict as one would see themselves at the peak of a heroic acid trip. Ego death is the only appropriate nomenclature to describe such an experience; he realizes this is just a symptom of leading society during wartime.

In one of the Fort's rooms, Marisa and Ignatius sit on lawn chairs.

"I couldn't see where I was going," he explains. "I was bleeding, and I knew I had to get Forrest off my back. I led him deeper into the woods; the snow covered up my trail. If anything, he's going to freeze to death."

"I'm surprised you didn't."

"Georgina found me, half-conscious against a tree. She took me back to a camp."

Marisa shivers. "What do we do now?"

"Go back to San Francisco."

"Why? We're needed here."

"Brandon can lead this crusade; I need to confront Dewey about siding with the prisoners on Alcatraz; my stomach tells me that something terrible is about to happen."

The Warden smirks. "Remember that time we took that trip to the Grand Canyon?"

The President sighs, calm imagery flowing through his mind's circuitry. "How could I forget?"

"You were worrying about one of your elections. I divorced Hudson."

"Escapism is the only cure to depression for me."

"Did you want the conflict to escalate to this?"

"To what, justice? Marisa, they're terrorists. They blew up Alcatraz, destroyed our minting facility, and sent everything out of control with that train incident."

"How did they know where that train would be?"

"I don't know."

"You're oblivious; Merlin's still communicating with the Babylonians in some way."

"You… you think he would do that to me?"

"Has he done anything to make you question his trust?"

"Yes, but we need him for the future of San Francisco. He was a chemist turned architect; there's an endless amount of ideas we can draw from his mind."

"So, what's the plan? You're really going to let him run free?"

"I have a spot for him in Athena's chamber." He lets out a low grunt. "This is worse than all of those elections combined."

"We don't know how our world is going to be when this is over, but one thing's certain, Ignatius. The social pyramid can't be complete without a capstone. That's your role."

The President stands up. "Let's pack our things."

They spend the day at the Fort, helping soldiers prepare it for any sudden attacks. The bombs will take a lot longer to complete than the rest of their objectives, so they forgo it. Through the snowfall, they work effortlessly until nighttime. Campfires kindle and burst into fantastic flowers, a simple projection of Hell. The smell of burning meat expands outward into a two-mile radius. Conversation, whispers, and rumors about Portland spread like their grief for fallen comrades.

Ignatius clears his throat, standing before a gathering site. "I know all of you are tired, but let me assure you that your work doesn't go unnoticed. Like your work, your lives are eternal. It is our obligation to fight for the ones that brought San Francisco together. Our blood is the price we pay to keep society's heart beating; our actions are the pulses in the city's veins. We are not killing; we're cleansing the world of evil. Just like how your productivity isn't forgotten, neither will the actions of our terrorists… the Babylonians."

Canisters fly out from the darkness, spontaneously exploding into ear-popping blasts intertwining with bright flashes of light. Screams of panic and confusion precede the blasts of Brandon's machine gun and whatever bullets the Babylonians found. Marisa stands her ground, but Ignatius retreats to the Fort, considering his injuries. The peaceful night turns upside down in a matter of seconds, a true symptom of a true fight. Blood spills over the once white grounds; splatters turn into crimson rivulets from a source of complete malice and vengeance.

The acolytes don't hesitate at pushing back. On this cold, terrible night, the battle answers the longtime question of evil. There is no such thing as someone who is truly altruist, selfless, and heroic, and the same goes for the opposing end of the spectrum. We are a combination of all these things, because duality exists as an eternal mirror. Those who watch their friends die become the bleeding on either side of the party. Even the children of Nazi soldiers grieved over their fallen parents.

Where did I go wrong? This is the question that repeats itself in Ignatius' mind as he cowers behind stone walls when he should be outside them. The only thing the President witnesses tonight are the bellows from his own suffering people. He remembers what Hudson said to him all those years ago about the Butterfly Effect. If the accident didn't happen, this entire part of everyone's lives would be different. The squatter's eyes sink down to his cast, damning the eternal balance.

All societies come to a breaking point. It doesn't matter if they experience a Golden Age, or whether or not a country unites with all others; natural law dictates. The orchestra of society performs its show for however long it's meant to, and then it collapses. We even immortalize great fallen civilizations like Egypt or Sumer in our history textbooks. What do you think will become of us in the near future? What makes us so different? Do we carry today within our knowledge the same sophistication it must've took to construct immaculate pyramids or other structures from the past?

He decides to turn his back on Forrest's deal. The king wanted both societies to remain undamaged; the Fort is part of San Francisco. When he returns to the city, he plans on gathering the entirety of his air force to invade Babylon. He doesn't care if these knights were led down the wrong direction by an incompetent leader; you do not turn on your word.

Outside, dreadful events continuously unfold. Nobody has a legal obligation to their innocence, especially during these desperate times. Heather already lost most of her people in the Battle of Portland; 7,000 people came with her then, less than half remain. However, the numbers and the way she works with them makes her look like a corrupt, successful stockholder on Wall Street. The commander gives orders, and the knights respect them. Every passing second, an interesting sensation of brotherhood flows through the Babylonian warriors, something they haven't been familiar with in quite some time. The action of saving one's own back means a lot to anyone today; trust is a rare resource, with sacrifice becoming as valuable as love. Heather recalls the National Anthem in her head. As long as their bullets burst through the air, it will provide proof of Babylon's success.

At some point, the commander draws her sword, lowering the machine gun forever. She encounters Marisa in the middle of a fray, and their melee weapons shatter insanity's fabric. What kind of person does it take to wake up tomorrow morning to do this again? Is the psychology of war based on the most primitive functions of survival, or is it something we haven't confronted yet? More and more impossible questions ring throughout the night like the echoes of gunshots. During the fight with Marisa, Heather knocks the Warden off balance, pinning her to the snow.

"Where's Forrest?!" growls the Babylonian as knights protect her.

Smiling, the Warden replies, "Not here."

Acolytes appear on the Fort's rooftop, and they fire down upon the scene, sending Heather to regather the rest of her people for a final charge. The massacre within begins as quickly as it ends. Tight, lengthy corridors prevent any side from advantage. Sections of ceiling collapse onto some fighters, crushing them to death. With the end nigh, it becomes clear that the knights will prevail. Some acolytes flee, deserting people who give their lives for treason. Babylonians chase after those who run, killing them on the front lawn. The shooters from the roof descend, their hands high, empty, defenseless. Heather watches as weapons clatter to the ground; the knights don't know what to do.

Cutting the silence, she executes them one by one, her people hailing the decree, "No prisoners."

A slaughter ensues, concludes and coalesces into their next steps. They search the building for any signs of Marisa or Ignatius, finding neither; after, the Babylonians steal any supplies they can, preparing the next journey. Heather gathers her remaining fighters on the front lawn, the smell of death fresh, crisp, and blending well with cold gales. Dying acolytes freeze to death slowly, begging to be put down. The commander stops her knights from listening.

"I know what I did in there was wrong," she explains. "But look: here we are, when they're all dead. This thing is going to end soon, but for now, we have to look for Forrest. If we encounter anymore acolyte camps, we use the guerrilla tactic like we did from Portland to here. That was the key to success for the American Revolution, and like the Revolutionaries, we have to conjure that same attitude so we can find our king. We find the king, we end the war. Those are the only two things in front of us, and we will overcome them. We'll set up for the night five miles away from here; we don't know who's around this place."

The sun rests high as Echo approaches the prairie, a national park being its backdrop. She guides her team confidently to the vantage point, where they get an overview of the battlefield. The acolytes dug bunkers and trenches into the grounds, snow filling some up entirely. To the queen, this is a perfect opportunity for a raid. To everyone else, it screams suspicion. Opinions, discussions, and debates last a half hour before Echo finally decides to press on.

In the trenches, the Babylonians find boxes of supplies beneath piles of snow. Not hesitating, they take everything. Echo doesn't understand why the acolytes shot themselves in the foot, but she learns that just because she doesn't understand something, doesn't mean it isn't so. Hitler made the mistake of re-routing the 4th Panzer Army early, leaving the 6th to face Stalingrad alone. Could Ignatius be on that same level of incompetence, or is this the set of some horrible show they're about to attend?

The quiet raid continues, and when they finish, they cheer. Unbeknownst to Echo, this becomes a decisive moment in the war. When the acolytes showed Merlin the infected in the pit, he didn't know about the possibility of weaponizing them. Rotten hands protrude from the dirt walls, which collapse to reveal the Lovecraftian nightmare. The Babylonians make a beeline for any bunker they can find; many die from the ravenous, infinite hunger of hijacked souls walking.

The knights form a human shield around their queen, fending off hordes of God knows how many. Echo watches as her people die before her eyes in agonizing ways; the overwhelming nature of the experience shows Echo the effectiveness of Forrest's manipulation. If he got to them this easily, if he threw thousands of lives into an unknown conflict without much trouble, he could've gotten to her without her even knowing. What was the thing that made her help him kill Judas? Did she actually want to? The more the queen thinks about that moment, the more she understands that it stems from blind attraction.

She ponders on the time when Forrest forced Merlin to make LSD; she still feels guilty about being the one to give it to Dante, even though it wasn't her fault. He probably would've threatened her too if she resisted. She still remembers the prisoner's screams; the way he thrashed back and forth, handcuffs keeping his wrists together. She wonders what he saw, or if he ever recovered before Forrest killed him. Following the execution was the extermination of Babylon's secret societies. In hindsight, she wonders if it was an excuse for Forrest to kill, because there's no way those groups are gone. After all, the main idea behind a secret society is for them to live in secret; maybe some fundamentalists take that meaning to an extreme.

Closing her eyes, she sees Alice, the only clarity in the moment. If there's any proof of order in chaos, it's her daughter. She wishes she had her with somebody else; that way, escaping their control would be easier. Manipulation was never meant to be an easy hole to climb out of, but now that she understands the king's true nature, she wants to do everything she can to escape it. She doesn't want to hurt anybody else because of him, and she craves the independent attitude of taking care of herself, her own happiness and sanity. Just because he's broken, it doesn't mean she has to stand by him. It took a war for her to realize this, but in a race, no matter how slow you go, you're always bound to finish.

Anger courses through her body, and she takes it out on the infected. Swords decapitate heads, and they finally clear a path to a bunker. Blocking the door with a supply locker, the surviving knights stand back, demonic cries emerging to them from the other side. They sit quietly, waiting. With no food or water, they all know this can't last long. Blood covering Echo's face, she sits up against one of the bunker's walls, crying.

Gazing up at the ceiling, she gasps, "Your consciousness… creates… reality."