ARTIST: J.R. Mason
ALBUM: Babylon's Final Hours
CHAPTER: Chapter III: The Storm

THREE WEEKS LATER

The day begins with grey skies. Merlin wakes up and goes over to his desk; on top of it rests a journal. He opens it, grabs a pencil, and writes at the top of a page, Moral Compass. After underlining the words, he writes a list:

1. Trust No One
2. Speak No Evil
3. Repress Emotion
4. Notice the Manipulation
5. Be of it, not for it
6. Wake People Up
7. Fuck the Monarchy

He stares down at the last phrase for several seconds. They present themselves as powerful leaders when they're just ruthless for the sake of being ruthless. There is no redemption for that personality type. Dante's situation is still hot on his mind, and for good reason. He will never forgive them for what they did, even if the victim was a gangster. On one hand, Dante is wrong for the assassination attempt. On the other, Forrest is wrong for using him to make LSD. He sighs and stretches, thinking about where his loyalties lie. He pulls back a window's curtain, revealing citizens walking Babylon's muddy roads. Perhaps it lies in them, an ocean of individual minds with limitless ideas. He decides to play the role of ignorance until his breaking point, a wise decision when society corners someone. When and if he reaches that, he'll turn against the Monarchy. Until then, his feelings towards Forrest and Echo will remain as grey as the skies overhead. He knows who Echo really is, and Forrest is responsible for her corruption. She thinks that Merlin's her friend, but to him, they're two different people now. She's just the victim of a manipulative maniac.

And then there's Timothy. Merlin doesn't understand the CEO's resentment towards him. This has been going on for years without explanation. He wishes he can pull the vengeful bastard aside and talk it out, but he knows that arrogant gunsmith won't listen. The teacher figures people are weird that way, dons leather garb, and leaves.

On his porch, the architect watches as trees blow to and fro in the building wind. A tense feeling grows in his gut; a gigantic storm is approaching. He journeys to the Market District, observing its behavior. Babylonians stand behind stalls and trade off items from the factories, farms, and mines. Some guide cows that carry wicker baskets upon their wide backs. Others ride through the area on horseback, smiling beneath the darkening day. The district's characteristics are similar to a Middle Eastern bazaar, and it breeds emotions ranging from luck to bankruptcy. This is Babylon's stock exchange, complete with the feeling of whether or not a dealer is screwing you over.

He crosses a stall that trades vegetable oil for rubies, and Merlin produces seven of the gems from his pocket. The teacher lays them across the stall's desktop, and the dealer examines them. The condition of the minerals pleases the dealer, and he hands Merlin three jars of his product. With a smile, the teacher leaves the Market District and returns to his house. In his backyard (a small excuse for one, considering how compact the houses are), a motorcycle sits on a wooden platform. He's finishing up an engine that runs off vegetables in his basement, and he plans on riding out into the world by the end of the day. All he has to do is install the damn thing and get it going. By nightfall, he rides up to the Gatehouse, calls up to the gatekeeper, and zooms out of Babylon, across the Drawbridge without fear.

Nature slowly takes back unknown territories. Vines and branches wrap around enormous skyscrapers, choking them mercilessly. Washington is now a jungle of lost opportunities. He rides through numerous pile-ups, drives by the ruins of 1950s communities, and gazes at propaganda posters from the era. They depict Dwight D. Eisenhower stomping on Vietnam; others portray Nixon with devil horns protruding from either side of his forehead; burnt posters of Uncle Sam are also a frequent site.

He arrives at Tacoma by three in the morning. Heading off the interstate, the lack of infected surprises him; perhaps they're starving, Mother Earth slowly fossilizing them through her infinite wisdom. In the city, he parks at the end of a nameless road, dense wrecks blocking any progress. The wind blows piles of trash across cracking streets, and a sensation of tragedy overwhelms him. Something awful happened here, something future civilizations will never record in their history books. Merlin takes it all in: the way the sun shines through decaying buildings, the moist surroundings, the graveyard of automobiles, and the thick layer of vandalism draping every square inch. Skeletal remains plague the streets, a scene reminiscent of post-Black Death Europe. It's all wildly fascinating to the teacher, almost mystical, and this curiosity grows with every examination.

He strolls down the street aimlessly, free from the Monarchy and his duties. He doesn't have to worry about the schoolhouse because classes are only on the weekends, and according to their calendar system, today is Tuesday, March 15th, 1986. Russell, the leader of the Market District, is responsible for the timekeeping, but Merlin doubts its accuracy. Hell, he's only part of their ring because he supposedly kept track of the date when everything went down. He doesn't know what to think about Russell other than the fact that he's irresponsible. The lazy bastard barely shows up to any of their meetings, and when he does, he speaks the least and adds nothing of substance to the conversation. Merlin spoke to Forrest about the issue one time, and all Forrest said is that he's good at keeping the Market District peaceful and in balance, which is detrimental to its function. The teacher considers this a fair point, because the district has the least amount of problems.

Nonetheless, these thoughts fade as a fantastic museum comes into view. Crumbling pillars support a falling roof, and a layer of mold cakes the exterior walls. He draws a dagger and approaches its front doors, taking in the magnificent ruins. They remind him of ancient Mayan temples; so many secrets, so little explanation.

After climbing the steps, he heads inside. Thankfully, he doesn't need a flashlight, for sunlight floods through the unstable roof. This place can collapse at any second, but the urge to explore pacifies his fears. Historical exhibits provoke even more questions, and he takes a moment to appreciate the quiet. Water drips onto the mold-covered floor, and his shoes make squishing sounds with every step.

He eventually gains access to an empty observatory, and his eyes widen at a macabre scene waiting for him. Bodies dangle from the rotting ceiling by rope, and blood paints the walls. Near the center of the domed roof, a message in blood: The Acolytes Hate Vulnerability.

Back outside, he pockets his dagger. No signs of life. Can Babylon really be the last civilization after all? The Fertile Crescent experienced the dawn of humanity, and one of the earliest civilizations was Babylonia. It's all a cycle, really. Life, death, happiness, sadness. The cycle is mysterious, and it goes without stopping. It doesn't care if you like it or hate it, because even if you perform either of those emotions, that's continuing the cycle. Merlin's feelings of being trapped stem from this idea, and he often wonders if there's a way to break the cycle, if there's something outside of life and death. After all, everything is the result of vibrating atoms, and yours somehow obtained consciousness.

Something flashes by out of the corner of his eye. He turns 'round to see nothing, but feels like someone's watching him. He hates feeling this way; it's like a sinking, claustrophobic nervousness. Eyes are on you, but you can't pinpoint the source. Merlin considers running back to his motorcycle, but the fear stalls him. He has to find the source; if he doesn't, these people could follow him back to Babylon. Considering what happened to Dante and what's happening to the gangsters, he will not be responsible for more death. Who knows how many lives are on his hands now? The Monarchy uses the guillotine on a daily basis, and the newspaper says that there's around twenty executions per day. How can he trust what that says, though? Everything in his world is a pack of lies.

He follows his gut, and he ends up in an alleyway. At the end of it, a freshly skinned rabbit. The site fixates Merlin because that's exactly how he feels: stripped from his uniqueness and living in Purgatory. Slavery or death; that's Babylon. Hell, that phrase should be the city's coat of arms. He turns 'round again, gandering at the lifeless city. Cold, dead, empty. Perhaps the end of the world awakens the negative emotions we share. Greed. Loss. Regret. Fear. Perhaps this entire world is a metaphor, and what you experience daily is symbolic towards your unconscious mind. The apocalypse is not a new story, nor is the idea of a dystopian society. However, when you look past the surface, when you look past the blood and gore, you find something beautiful: hope. The end of the world is just that: the end of the world. And what comes after the end? A new beginning. Merlin believes that that's what the world needs on an internal level. To him, everyone deserves an easy life; that's the very foundation of the American Dream.

Something that fascinates Merlin about the American Dream is the idea of pursuing happiness. During the California Gold Rush, immigrants came to America in the hopes of becoming famous overnight. Some of them actually did, but others fell short. Historians call that period the California Dream. Why are these ideas of happiness based on dreams? Is it because we fixate too much on the depressing reality of our situation that we can't experience happiness in the present? Perhaps it's the fault of the demon in our heads, the demon that doesn't know how to shut up except for when you put a gun up to it, and even then it still finds a way to make you forget about it.

He jumps at the sound of breaking glass, and he runs out to the street, spotting a hooded figure running into the lobby of a hotel. He pursues the prey and enters the building to find the figure cowering in a dark elevator shaft. There, he finds that the figure beneath the hood is a young boy. Black liquid covers his skin, and his hoody matches the dark color. Merlin lends him a hand, and the boy accepts it.

"Who are you?" the boy asks.

Merlin leads him outside. "Tyler Wilson. You?"

"Wes Preston. I can't speak for long; I have to get back to my group."

"You have a group? I'd like to see them."

"They don't take kindly to strangers. We're a family. The leader's my mom."

Before Merlin responds, Wes punches him in the jaw, knocking the Babylonian unconscious.

Hours later, Merlin wakes up to find Wes and four other survivors tying his hands and legs to a chair. They wear the same attire Wes dons, and they have black paint covering their skin. He can tell that they're in a warehouse outside Tacoma, for the shipping addresses on the boxes are from Olympia, Washington. The sun shines through the broken windows, illuminating the failure of the 1950s business cycle. Merlin feels sweat dripping down his forehead, and he becomes nervous. When they're done tying him up, they back away, and a female steps forward. She's the tallest of the bunch, and, from the looks of her soulless eyes, experiences trauma on a daily basis. How couldn't you when you're in the wild? Your only friend is your survival instinct, something we've lost contact with since modernization. How long does it take to befriend someone you've betrayed? What trials do you have to go through to regain its trust? Maybe that's why the apocalypse happened. Could it be that the universe is telling us we need to regain that contact to experience who we truly are?

These thoughts run through Merlin's head, and the family stares at him coldly.

The woman speaks in a crackly voice. "Who are you?"

He glares at her. "Tyler Wilson."

"Why did Wes here find you riding a motorcycle? He says it's an advanced piece of machinery. Where's the time to make that nowadays?"

"It's an empty world. There's always a way."

The girl scoffs. "Your dagger." She produces it from a pocket on her hoody. "Where did you get it? You don't have a sharpener on you. What good is a blade like this without a sharpener? It looks like someone made it recently. Don't you see those fine, precise cuts? Did a blacksmith make this?"

Merlin breathes heavily. "I'm not saying anything besides what I know, and what I know is that I'm alone."

Unsatisfied, she says, "We need to know if you're a threat. We don't want to get involved in any fights; we just want to know if we have to… relocate."

The Babylonian understands the situation now. These people have a bad case of paranoia, a case that you throw yourself into if you chose to be a lone wolf. These survivors aren't a threat; they're lost among a world of loss. He feels pity for these souls, and he wants to offer them sanctuary. However, he's curious about this bunch and wants to know more.

"I'm not a threat. If you don't mind, I'd like to ask you something."

The girl looks suspicious. "This isn't a time for games, Tyler. We're a family, and we don't want any trouble."

"I trusted you enough to tell you the truth, now I want you to do the same. Relationships don't work if the other party doesn't put in the effort. I've… been so alone, and all I want is someone to talk to."

Monica lets out a dreadful sigh, for she's been in his shoes before. "My name is Monica Stanson, and this is my family. My daughter's name is Stacey, and my husband here is Edward. The little guy you met is Wes Preston."

"Preston?"

Wes grins. "Adopted."

Merlin observes them all. "Why are you out here on your own?"

Monica shakes her head. "We simply reject the idea of society. We know they all fall eventually, so why join one?"

"Humans are social beings. Although society isn't perfect, we still need that network."

"Not us. Not the tribes. Since you're obviously from somewhere, I'll catch you up to speed. Some of us prefer to be alone, and some of us who prefer to travel. Some of us are nomads, people who move from place to place without any intention of doing anything else. We fall under that last category. That's the system in the wild, and we're accepting it because it keeps us alive."

"Don't you want safety and security?"

"And more people to worry about? More problems? No fucking way."

Merlin sighs. "You can't… be alone for too long. You start going insane, and you wonder if anything has a meaning. Trust me; I've been in your shoes before. I know someplace that can wipe all of that away. Its government needs fixing, but I see hope for it."

Monica shakes her head. "We know of your communities. We've seen them before; we don't want to interact with them."

"I can guarantee you've never seen anything like us." Monica kneels before him and looks into his eyes in silence. Merlin reads her expression, and he enlightens them. "There are walls, knights, factories, and steam-powered machinery. I'm talking old-fashioned kingdom shit. Blacksmiths, farms, bakeries, and so much more."

"What do you call it?"

"Babylon. It was the dawn of civilization then, and it's the dawn of civilization now. We're a melting pot chasing the American Dream. Like I said, it needs fixing, but it's worth a shot. Trust me; I've been there for 30 years."

In one of the warehouse's offices, Monica and Edward watch their sleeping children. On the main floor, the Babylonian sits upright in his chair, fast asleep. Monica thinks about Babylon and its limitless possibilities. She's hopeful, but the Shadows' paranoia grounds them in this warehouse. Edward's indifferent about the opportunity, because he wants to hold his beliefs to his heart. They've been out here this entire time; they can't let go of them like they're nothing. Would it be wrong to abandon their world for a society with a failing government? This question may seem like a no-brainer, but Edward's beliefs are everything to him; he thinks they're only breathing because of them. Despite it all, Monica knows the children are more important.

"What're you thinking about?" Edward asks.

"The kids. I think I should expose them to a different way of life."

He gazes up at the cracking ceiling blankly. "I… I don't know if that's a good idea."

"Why?"

"We have to teach them to be loyal to their beliefs."

"Wouldn't that be safer to do in Babylon?"

"No! They need to stay out here to get the full effect; we have to teach them how to be strong."

"Ed, you're thinking about yourself."

He grunts. "I'm the only one in this room that knows the right choice."

"Really? If you're the all-knowing prophet, why do our children listen to me? They even refer to me as their leader."

"They don't know any better; they're too young."

"Are you calling me stupid?"

"No, Monica. Christ. It's just… we thrive in the darkness. In the nooks and crannies of the world. What if this place is dangerous?"

Monica stays quiet. She hates when Ed gets like this. She wants to find someone else, but she can't. Maybe Babylon isn't a bad option; maybe it's what she needs, what they all need. She's an adult, and she has every right to protect her children and change her beliefs. She doesn't understand how Ed can be so insensitive, so stubborn. Monica's heart feels as if a blender is shredding it into pieces. Although Ed's going to hate it, she's going to take Merlin up on the offer. The only thing that worries her now is the storm. The skies are too dark, and the wind is building, but so far, no rain. Whenever it reaches Washington, it's going to be the storm of the century.

They return to Merlin's motorcycle, and the rain starts falling. The Babylonian gazes up at the sky and smiles, letting the water drip down his face. Admittedly, he enjoys Forrest's privileges, but that won't stop him from having his own opinions. He's never been the one to accept a bribe, even at the cost of his own life. He focuses on the Shadows and their lifestyle. Their art of survival reminds him of the early Native Americans. Hell, that's what life is if you're not in a developing society. Mobile camps, tipis, and the smell of fire burning in the middle of a wheat field. To Merlin, the nomadic lifestyle is for those who dare to ponder on their existence. Some people are better alone, but he also thinks it's not the right way to live anymore. Safety in numbers, after all. This is the painful cycle of the introvert. You want to be with people, but when you are, you feel like you're putting on a show, and you want to leave the conversation. Rinse and repeat. They follow Merlin into a garage, where he leaves his motorcycle. Ten miles to go.

Merlin leads them down the Drawbridge as the dark waves of Lake Washington crash against it. The wooden bridge creaks and sways, but the metal support beams keep it intact for now. This beast worsens with every second, and they reach the Gatehouse as the waves grow to ten feet.

Hurricanes are split into five categories depending on the speed of wind. However, the force of this storm is enough to create a category six. Mother Nature is a heartless, unpredictable beast. You can only experience an event like this once in a century, a perfect storm tearing the fabric of reality apart at the subatomic seams.

Merlin latches onto the Shadows, and they run into the Clock Tower, wherein the gears and cogs stand still. A ghostly howl follows the wind outside; cold rain drenches the foggy windows, and thin sheets of ice form over the panels. The meeting room's door swings open, and Timothy emerges. He examines the queer group and figures they're friendly, for they're in Merlin's presence.

Merlin steps forward. "Can I talk to you for a second?"

"Are you gonna leave them by themselves?"

"Please; it's important."

"Fine."

In the meeting room, the two Babylonians sit at the round table. Rain pelts the boarded windows, and lightning rips the black sky apart; it's as if the flashes intend to reveal heaven breaking through to this side. The Babylonians remain silent; neither can start this long-awaited conversation. Where should it begin? Hell, where does it even begin? They come through their fracturing memories, and neither conjure the truth. The only thing Merlin is certain about is that a dog and a sheep are sitting in the same room; the stars must be aligning.

The CEO has the audacity to ask, "Do you want to hear about my breakthrough? I came up with the best idea, and-"

Merlin rolls his eyes. "That's exactly why we need to talk. Your arrogance is uncontrollable, and you don't even notice it. Maybe you do; maybe you just like being a dick. Who knows? The only thing I want to do is protect the public's perception of the District Leaders. What do you think the civilians will say when they find out how self-absorbed you are? We can't have this negativity in the circle."

Timothy sits back in his chair; overwhelming astonishment floods through his body. "Excuse me? Do you have any idea who I am?" He climbs to his feet. "How dare you talk to me that way." He leans over, his hands on the tabletop. "I'm here because I had to honor my sister. And what do I get for that? Nothing! I get no recognition, and it's because of you! The Clock Tower, the Drawbridge, all of it… outshines my usefulness. And I hate you for that."

Merlin looks down at the table. The building creaks and sways against the hurricane, but it stands due to the teacher's contingency plans for weather. What he's about to propose means a difference between life and death. Every word must be thoroughly thought out, for one slip can lead him to the guillotine.

He whispers, "I need your help."

Timothy calmly asks, "What?"

Louder, he adds, "With our brains, they won't see us coming. You and I can bring down the Monarchy! We can lead this place into something better."

Timothy sits down, distraught. "I… I can't." How could anyone suggest this?

"Come on!" Merlin begs. "You see the manipulation and the yellow journalism! They're giving us fake information constantly, and they're doing anything they can to retain absolute control! We can't speak out against them; if we do, they kill us. They forced me to make drugs and the guillotine! Answer me this… Why does the Monarchy have more power than the Oligarchy? How can there even be an Oligarchy under a Monarchy? They claim we have power, but who always makes the final call? Them. Like I said, they use my intelligence to kill people. Do you really think I want this praise? It's just the universe reminding me of my helplessness."

Timothy clears his throat. "What you're proposing is an act of treason." He stands up, starting for the exit. "When this storm ends, they'll know about this."

Merlin sits alone in the meeting room. There's no telling how long this will last; every passing second has to be useful somehow. He can get out of this, but it won't be easy. He climbs to his feet and heads into the Clock Tower's main area. Timothy sits alone, and the Shadows stand on the opposite side of the room.

He pulls Monica aside. "Do you remember what I told you about the government?"

"Yes."

"Forget I said anything; tell your family to keep their mouths shut. One word against their ideas lands you in the dungeons."

Gravely, she nods her head. "Why did you bring us here?"

"When the Monarchy falls, it'll be worth it. Just go with the flow for now."

In the Throne Room, the Monarchy rest in their bed. Being over 600 feet in the air, the storm is more violent, but the Needle's twenty-five lightning rods prevent structural damage. Without them, this place would be in flames, a burning beacon of fascinating ideologies. Down below, water floods Babylon's streets; the levels grow to six feet in some areas. The Monarchy wonder about how much work they'll have to do in the aftermath. The crops are most likely gone now, and this fact entails a famine. How can they cope with starvation and dehydration? How long will it take to get the factories up and running again? Anxiety is like a Cobra, for it wraps around your confidence and chokes it out of existence, allowing you to see how small you are.

A sudden pain encroaches the queen's voluptuous body, and a horrible realization dawns on her: she's going into labor. They have no doctor, and they have no medicine. This is going to be a dry delivery. In Babylon, dry pregnancies fail ninety percent of the time, for the conditions of this world don't entail mercy. Forrest climbs out of bed and stands at its end; Echo removes her clothes, ready for the king's incoherent orders. Thunder booms outside. Their anxiety skyrockets into the land above Heaven. In these sacred moments, they remember how much they love each other. Forrest goes back to the colony's days; he remembers watching her sleep in that freezing tent, pondering on how he can protect her. He needs that Forrest right now; he needs to take control somehow. Adrenaline floods through his body, and he orders the queen to relax, to take deep breaths. He holds her hand, but the atmosphere grows in intensity. The pain Echo feels is reminiscent of a thousand fires igniting at once. This goes on for thirty-six hours, and their daughter is finally born.

In the quiet eye of the storm, Echo cradles her baby girl. At her side, Forrest acknowledges how peaceful they look.

He closes his eyes, whispering, "Echo… I have schizophrenia." WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU JUST TELL HER?!

Echo finally asks, "What?"

His speech deteriorates. "I… hear voices… every second of every day… I see hallucinations of people I don't know."

The voices scream, and they try distracting him, but the king stands his ground. "Why do you think I'm so good at manipulation? Why do you think I stay up so late?"

The queen doesn't know how to respond. What would another woman do if she was in this situation? Leave? Somewhere in the back of her mind, she knows she can't do that, for their connection is too strong. Only a beast can end a thirty-year relationship in two seconds. Nevertheless, this doesn't quell her spinning mind. All these years… have been a lie. She hasn't seen the real Forrest until now, and that makes her suspicious of him. What else is he hiding? She figures it's no good to ask these questions, for only fools run in circles. She can't shake one fact, though: Merlin is right; she is justifying a maniac. Another major concern is that schizophrenia is genetic, meaning Alice might have it.

Wanting to deal with this after the storm, she says, "All this time… I could've been helping you. Why did you wait until now?"

"The voices didn't want me to."

They lay quietly for the rest of the storm. As the dark skies clear up, Echo realizes something: You can't blame someone for having something they can't control. Forrest is a victim, not a threat. Mental illness is an invisible, complex force that blends good and bad into a grey mixture; it consumes your life, and you don't even realize it. Think of how white noise looks on a television screen; one can compare that to the mind of someone who suffers from depression or anxiety. It disconnects you from the person you are, and it feels like you're pushing a boulder up a hill every day, only to see it roll back down to the bottom. Is there any hope for these people? Yes, and it lies in us. When we realize we're the ones who keep the problem going, we can finally fix it. Once that revelation comes, the horizons will broaden with hope.

Forrest sits up. "I think I know what we are now."

"Oh?"

Grinning, the king declares, "We're the Royal Family."

Echo smiles. "I like that. I thought of a name for her, too."

"What is it?"

"Alice Wayley."

Forrest smirks. "Alice Wayley: the future princess of Babylon."

FIVE MONTHS LATER

The king wakes up to baby Alice's cries. He never likes the nights where Echo puts her down, for this always happens. He inhales deeply and hoists himself to his feet. Walking over to the hand-built crib, the room stretches and twists before his eyes; kaleidoscope-like patterns obscure his vision, and he stumbles to the floor, wanting to scream. He stands up, and his vision clears. We are never going to stop; you swore you would keep this a secret, and you told Echo. You deserve this, you fucking swine! Now standing before the crib, he peers down to see his daughter. Every time she falls asleep on his stomach, he gets a night free from his torment. He picks her up, and they lay down in the bed. She is his shield against the darkness in his mind, and when she puts her head down on his chest, she stops crying.

In the morning, Echo opens her eyes and heads over to the window. Down below, Babylonians reclaim a city in ruins. The two complete districts are the Farmlands and the Industrial District, for they are the most important pieces to this strange society. Off in the distance, she sees the Housing District, and images of Heather flash in her mind. She is a constant reminder of Alexander's absence, and Echo worries about this daily. Did Alex go rogue? Was he a gangster? She takes deep breaths, for this never ends well. It's all so strange to her. One minute, he's here, the next, the army's following a nameless face. However, Heather is a productive general. She plans on suggesting to Alex the implication of martial arts classes. An army of ninjas is not your typical military, but it suits Babylon's uniqueness.

She turns 'round, gasping, "Forrest, you're up!"

"Sorry for scaring you, I was jogging up and down the stairwell." He goes over to the crib and picks up Alice. "How've you been?" The baby giggles.

Echo hugs them both. "What're you up to today?"

"I'm going to Heather's so we can organize a search party. We need Alex back."

"Where do you think he is?"

"Honestly, I think he's a captive. He's not dead until I see a body."

"Can I do anything to help?"

"No, just keep doing your job. Where're you going?"

"The lumber site in the Farmlands. Merlin and I are replanting trees."

"Well, I'll see you later."

He lays Alice down in her crib, and the Monarchy embrace each other before leaving. One path leads to the truth, and the other leads to a lie. Love is dead in Babylon. You can't trust anybody, not even the one you love the most. They can try running, but this is their reality. In a world with no morals, anything goes. Although the Monarchy's relationship is sacred, they are still human, and they are susceptible to our flaws. The schism in their attraction has been this way since Alice's birth, for Echo is jealous of the attention Forrest gives Alice.

Instead of the Farmlands, Echo heads to the Industrial District. She walks to the Office Block and climbs to the Penthouse, wherein she finds Timothy pacing in his office. He mumbles to himself about the Mines, for he's anticipating a shipment in two days.

"Finally," he gasps, seeing the queen in the doorway.

She crosses the threshold. "Why do you need me?"

"You're gonna be upset," he starts. "It's Merlin. He's against the Monarchy. And I told you because… Forrest doesn't have mercy."

Echo's head pounds. "He's a gangster?!"

"Yes, he wanted me to overthrow the Monarchy with him."

The queen is lost for words. "I… had no idea. How long ago was this?"

"He told me during the hurricane. I'm sorry I waited so long to tell you; I've been very busy getting this district back on track."

Disorientation makes the queen nauseous. "How can he betray me?" She leans against the wall, and tears drip down her eyes. "He was my friend."

"Maybe he sees something different now."

"What?"

"The longer you exist, the more your perspective on the world changes. At first, you guys might've been friends, but now… no. He probably… outgrew you?"

Echo starts for the door, but the CEO intervenes.

"Let me go," she demands.

"If you go now, you're going to do something you'll regret. You need to calm down."

She pauses. "Okay. You're right."

"How's Alice?"

The queen grins. "She's fantastic. Forrest loves her… so much." She disregards distasteful thoughts about Alice as she continues. "She has my eyes, and the cutest laugh you could ever dream of hearing. She's… my daughter." Despite it all, her smile grows. "She's my daughter."

"I'm glad everything's going well. You know, if you guys need a babysitter, let me know."

"Really? Thanks for the offer; it'll be nice to go on dates again."

"You guys don't go out anymore?"

"No, the hurricane put a lot on our plate, too."

The CEO walks over to his desk, retrieving the tome. "I'm so glad this survived the storm. Before you go, let me show you something." He shows the queen a page with a sketch covering it.

"It's a Zeppelin."

"I want to build a factory that produces them. We have the necessary materials, and this means we'll have the first post-apocalyptic Air Force."

Echo feels great satisfaction. "It's like a new beginning, isn't it?"

He closes the tome. "Why does Alex want to go to California when we can just convert to solar energy?"

"What'll those Zeppelins run off of, thin air?"

"Alright, that's a fair point." He gazes around the room. "I have a lot of work to do, but I hope everything goes well between you and Merlin."

"Good luck; thank you for telling me about this."

In his backyard, Merlin tirelessly repairs his motorcycle. Sweat drips down his face, and a sunburn forms on his exposed shoulders. He's cautious during this process, for one vehicular problem is a telltale sign of more to come. He pauses, taking in the moment. He examines his tools, and he listens to the distant sounds of hammers pounding on nails, of foremen shouting orders at their workers. All of it is so queer to him, for it feels like he's living in a fake world. Hay roofs? Pristinely built inns? It all seems as if it's from a fairy tale, or a nightmare he can't escape from. Maybe this disorientation is what makes the other Babylonians susceptible to the Monarchy's manipulation? The only thing that's fact is that this is reality, whether he likes it or not, and that terrifies him.

Merlin scoffs, repeating his infamous mantra, "Fuck the Monarchy." As if he's a magical sorcerer, the teacher finds Echo strolling down his side yard. "Speak of the Devil."

She pauses ten feet away from him. Tears fall down her eyes, and she trembles, pondering on the assassination attempt. Dante is just Merlin in drag. She patiently waits for him to talk, but he remains silent.

She asks, "Why?"

"I don't know what you're talking about."

Rage spreads through the queen's body, but she retains composure. "Why are you calling for an overthrow? Forrest will kill you if he finds out about it! Do you think I want that?"

Merlin lays down his tools. "It's good to know I can't form my own opinions. That really makes me feel safe and secure. What a fantastic job from our fearless leaders."

"Are you drunk?"

"I've been drunk for the entire week."

Echo takes pity on him. "Just promise me you'll keep your mouth shut around Forrest."

"… Fine. Don't expect me to stick around when shit falls, though."

"If you're smart enough to figure us out, you'll know it won't fail."

Several hours later, Merlin opens the front door and finds Wes standing on the porch. The teacher invites him inside, and he prepares tea for the boy. They sit in the living room.

After drinking it, the kid says, "I'm just gonna get straight to the point: I want to be a miner."

Merlin chuckles. "Really? That's a surprise."

"Can you please take me to the Mines?"

"Of course, I just need a few hours to… sober up."

"Can I stay here? My parents are fighting."

The teacher notes the concerning comment. "Yeah, I've got a spare bedroom. Just… don't break anything."

Thirty miles away from the kingdom, a rock quarry rests in the middle of a mountainous region. At the bottom of the quarry, taverns and tents plague a field of dust-covered miners who pick away at the rocky walls. Some work in dark, unsanitary mine-shafts whilst demolitionists blow huge chunks of stone out of the earth. They excavate pounds of raw ore, feeling great pride in accomplishing their work. Surgical masks shield their mouths from Black Lung, an infamous Babylonian killer. The risky work is all about the reward and the display of true grit. Once they meet the month's goal, they save anything extra and trade it off at the Market District. The Miners consider this site to be the birthplace of Babylon and its socioeconomic beliefs, for without the stone, there would be no walls, safety, or security. That fact encourages them to work the long, backbreaking hours; it's the satisfaction of an honest day's work that drives them.

In a tent, Fink Bishop speaks with Wes Preston. They sit on corresponding bunkbeds, facing each other.

"How was the drive?" Fink asks.

"Dangerous, but what else can you expect?"

"Yeah, I hear you. We're going to build a secure road from here to Babylon; we just need oil to power the necessary machinery."

Wes glances around the tent. Nothing but the smell of sweat and beds made of sand. "You know why I came here. I need this."

"Why?"

"My family. They're fighting a lot… I need to get away from it."

Fink admires the boy. "And you want to work?"

"Yes. I'll do whatever I can to contribute. As long as I'm away from them, that's all that matters."

Fink stares off in the distance, thinking. "I'll set you up in Tent G. From there, your tent leader will assign you a position. Don't be afraid of her, she's one of the nicest people here."

Smiling, Wes nods his head and picks up his backpack. "I won't disappoint you. I'll prove that I'm good at this."

"I'm not trying to belittle you, but do you have any experience with mining?"

"No, but I'm willing to take the hits. You have to if you wanna do anything in this world."

They step outside, where the aura of the 1950s blooms like smog over a metropolis. The decade is known as the Generation of Conformity, and nowhere is that more visible than here. The workers strive for that ethic, and not only does the title make them responsible, it also provides a vulnerable passage for the Monarchy's manipulation. If you're not obedient in this field, you will die.

In Tent G, Fink introduces Wes to Anna, the tent's leader. Short red hair springs from her scalp, and an expression that oozes moxie glistens on her face, a carbon copy of Rosie the Riveter, the woman who people plaster on posters from World War Two.

Ana retrieves a pickaxe with haste, and Fink leaves the tent, obviously having other plans.

She slugs Wes' shoulder. "Are you ready, kid? I'll teach you as we go."

"If I wasn't, I wouldn't be here."

"Good. Follow me, we're working in Tunnel Thirty-Six."

Wes proceeds into a small, dimly lit shaft. Rails built into the muddy floor serve as telltale signs of a mine cart. Stuffy air makes the kid cough; Ana pities his inexperience, but feels as though the Mines are in need of a young face. Reaching an end to the fifty-foot long tunnel, they join workers who pick away at the stone enclosure. Metal support beams bolster a skeptical ceiling above them, but anything can happen, and when it does, their lives are over. It will be a grizzly, fantastical end, being alive, miles under the very earth you walk on. Nevertheless, they press on. A job's a job, and it's necessary work.

At the day's end, everyone lowers their tools, exiting the tunnel simultaneously. Wes and Anna aid the back of the group, making sure nobody gets left behind.

Outside, Fink, roaming alone, saunters into a wooden tavern. The place is reminiscent of a 1920s speakeasy; light conversation fills the otherwise thin air, and flickering lanterns fuel romantic fires. Some workers play pool beneath candlelit chandeliers while others mourn over their pasts at the bar. Fink opts for the latter and sits down at a stool. He asks the bartender for a glass of hard cider, and the lanky fellow prepares a poisonous tonic. When he gets the drink, Fink gives the bartender a full can of blackberries and a handful of bread. The bartender accepts the fee, consuming it on the spot. Behind them, Ana strolls into the same building, noticing her friend and sitting next to him.

Fink takes a sip. "Do you remember Eisenhower?"

"A little," she replies. "Why?"

"I never liked him. That entire era of America is a Dark Age. The Vietnam War, the political tension, the protests. I'm glad it ended; we were on the brink of destruction. Eisenhower was making it worse."

"I don't think he wanted to do it on purpose."

"Oh? Then why did he involve us in something we had no say in?"

"Fink, stop; you need to focus on what's happening now."

He sighs, taking another long drink. "How's Wes?"

"He's doing as good as you might expect. He's just… a kid, you know?"

"He's going through a lot right now. I wish I could help him somehow."

"Do you think kids are going to remember the old world?"

Fink laughs. "It's a miracle if you get them to remember the presidents in order."

"I feel bad for them."

"Why?"

"They won't get to experience the holidays, college, or any form of normalcy. Babylon is the only thing they'll know, and they'll have no idea of what America is. They'll be lost."

"I think you're being pessimistic. Children are curious when they're innocent, and now that there aren't as many threats, the innocence will last longer. Naturally, their knowledge will grow, and they'll fill in the gaps. Nothing's impossible."

She thinks about the infected. "Ain't that the truth."

Fink finishes his drink, and they exit the tavern. He leads the woman to her tent, where she kisses him. Blushing, he turns away and starts for the surrounding darkness.

The next morning, Ana and Wes return to Tunnel Thirty-Six. The day starts off normally, but a vague sense of uncertainty accompanies the passing winds. Wes works over ten hours, and at the end of the twelfth, his arms are too sore to move. He drops the pickaxe and tells Anna, who lets him go back to their tent. Now in the quarry, the kid watches as the demolitionists plant explosives across the eastern mountainside, where his tunnel cuts through. After the detonation, an avalanche of stones flows down the rock face, covering the mouth of Tunnel Thirty-Six. Several lie dead from critical impacts, others are in too much of a shock to even twitch. The stalls and its horses are also gone, leaving them stuck in a pit of their own despair. This is a fantastical moment in Babylonian history.

Fink charges into the quarry, his heart pumping terror. Upon seeing the damage, his first instinct is to make a beeline for the kingdom. Feeling destiny's familiar tingle, Wes pursues him. They eventually reach the outskirts of the Mines, where they traverse the road that leads back to Babylon. Even if they run, they still won't make it; humans can only complete three miles a day, and their destination is thirty away. They consider turning back, but that fleeting sense of Babylonian pride returns, and this compels them to continue. Their last hope rests in Babylon noticing the missing shipment; there's supposed to be one in two days, and when Timothy doesn't receive anything, he's bound to come looking… right? What a strange conundrum this is turning out to be.

That night, exhaustion keeps them beside a roaring bonfire. The two reflect quietly on their own dilemmas, but on the inside, their thoughts ring louder than an orchestra. Wes doesn't know how he feels about himself; he's in that awkward stage where he doesn't know if he wants to leave an impact on Babylon, or if he just wants to be a nameless face. He guesses this act will make the inevitable choice for him, but his nervousness outshines his confidence. This is the dread most artists face, and this time, it's all too real for the kid. On the other side of the flame, Fink doesn't know if he's capable enough to be a leader. He blames himself for this terrible tragedy, and this is partly true, for he could've just told the demolitionists to be careful. Maybe if he did that, Anna wouldn't be starving to death right now. They uncomfortably go to bed that night, for as their minds turn off, they know people are facing certain doom. And as time mercilessly passes by, this becomes even more apparent.

In Tunnel Thirty-Six, Anna and the others try not to panic, but to no avail. The situation is just too traumatic to ignore the fear. Moisture in the air allows them only short breaths, and sweat pours down their faces. Starvation and dehydration are their demons; at least it's something physical this time. Anna remembers hearing a story about the Donner Party. In May of 1846, a group of American pioneers set out for California, only to be snowbound in the Sierra Nevada during a harsh winter. They resorted to cannibalism to survive, a truly immoral act under the umbrella of desperation. If her group experiences that, she wouldn't know how to react. She can't eat another soul with a beating heart; she'd rather die. Hell, even now she can't comprehend the image of someone eating another's limb, finger, or toe. You can't return to normalcy after something like that.

Terror and claustrophobia pushes them to the end of the tunnel, where they pick away the rocks under flickering lanterns. They can't do this at the entrance, for the granite from the top of the mountains is too dense for their equipment to chip away. Some of those stones weigh fifty to eighty pounds; the shafts walls are softer and easier to work with.

The dreadful minutes go by, and they breach a surprise: a massive underground cave network. They dismantle the mineshaft's lanterns, and Anna leads them into their tomb. The lights illuminated the vast space; million-year-old stalagmites protrude from the cold ground, and crystals sparkle within the rough walls. The noise of running liquid brings them hope, and they gather 'round an underground channel of flowing water. Blind fish swim beneath its surface, and the mysterious ripples add to everyone's curiosity. However, they refrain from drinking anything, for they have no means of purifying it. How long has this been down here? How many chemicals are brewing and mingling with each other? Another dead end. They sit down, their expressions projecting an acceptance of doom. It'll take the ones outside the tunnel several days to clear the rubble, and that's after they spend time gathering the necessary equipment.

Despite it all, Anna is hopeful. She wonders about how they can prevent this from happening again, and in her mind, images of a tunnel boring machine flash by. The huge gadget consists of a cutting wheel, a main bearing, a thrust system, and trial support mechanisms. If they had that, mining operations would be almost fully automatic and a lot safer. If this disaster happened again, nobody would be stuck facing Death's scythe. This future project takes her mind off their current affairs, but she feels guilty for not doing anything.

She stands up, the lanterns flashing her shadow across the chamber. "I know this seems hopeless, but I don't think we're out of luck. Babylon's expecting a shipment soon, and when we don't arrive, they'll know something's wrong. Until then, we need to ration. How much water do we have between all of us?" The miners hold up canteens to their lanterns and shake them around. To Anna's astonishment, they have a fair amount. "Okay, if we divide it evenly amongst ourselves, we'll be okay for five days. What about food?" They dig into their satchels, producing fresh and canned produce. Some have stale sandwiches, others spam. They pile everything in front of Anna, who accurately measures their remaining time. "If we try, we'll last about a week and a half. After that, who knows? All we can do now is wait."

The lonely, insanity-driven hours pass. Nobody can fully grasp the seriousness of this situation, but maybe that's okay, for one would be driven to madness if they could. This is the Lovecraftian anxiety everyone's afraid of experiencing, that nonstop chill that never goes away; it's like a British soldier quartering in your house during the Revolutionary War. They choose to stay in the caves, for they'd rather die in a large chamber than a corridor.

To distract themselves, they begin talking. Anna listens as words from silhouettes reverberate off their surroundings. Oddly, a faux calm flows through the air. Isn't it strange how we only reveal our true colors when we're up to our necks in bad luck? Desperation is the threshold to revolution, the very meaning of the word, "apocalypse". Anna almost flinches when she hears laughter; these people are using this time to establish relationships for the future. She figures they're tasting her hope, and they want more. Either that, or this is all you can do when time's your worst enemy.

However, the calm comes before the storm. Sometime during the third night, someone sneaks to the pile of precious provisions and lets their greed consume the lives of fifty-two innocent miners. The world will always have this type of person, apocalypse or not. Selfishness is a human habit that's been with us since even before the Neanderthals, and it will outlive any disease we encounter. It's an uncontrollable demon, and we take advantage of the innocent because of its stealthy invasion. Hours later, the others wake up, and the place dissolves into chaos. They collapse to the floor in a fetal position, and panic attacks spread mercilessly from body to body. The lanterns also begin dying, adding more fear into this hellish cauldron.

The shouts arouse Anna; she does her best to control the wildfire, but to no avail. Sometimes the flames have to burn out by themselves. After they simmer down to whimpers, Anna wants to say something reassuring, but nothing comes out. What was once their bubble of protection is now their chamber of death. They don't even make an attempt to find the culprit, for it would be a waste of time and energy. Outside the cave, strong winds blow into the mountains, and a ghoulish howl rings all around them. One simple fact remains true: they still have to wait, and they can't fix anything.

Some distract themselves by swimming in the lake; others slip into delirium. Not the average delirium where you feel a strong sensation of depersonalization, but the delirium where you see yourself reliving your life from start to finish. The painful darkness is too much for these feeble minds, and as the lanterns fade out one by one, so does their sanity.

Lunacy is a complex topic to cover thoroughly, but it's what these miners are devolving into. More time passes, and by the fourth morning, all the lanterns are out. They drink the cave's water supply, only to face a simultaneous stomachache and headache. Caught between a rock and a hard place, cannibalism crosses their minds. From their groans of malnourishment, Anna knows this to be true. She can't fight back against it; exhaustion pins her to a stalagmite. All she can do is hope they don't get their hands on her.

Terror consumes her on the seventh day, for growls replace the painful whimpers. They use whatever lantern fuel they have to burn the weak and light the bodies with the lighters they use for their cigarettes. Anna uses her strength to find darkness to cower in; watching from the shadows, her eyes widen at the ensuing horrors. She needs to find the mineshaft somehow. Blood paints the ancient tomb, and the smell of cooking flesh makes her vomit. Sitting up, she waits quietly as the day presses on. Their meals conclude, and the miners fall asleep with full bellies. Desperate Anna seeks along the walls. Her heart sounds like it's loud enough to wake them up, but luckily these beasts remain asleep.

She finds a small area branching off from the main cave and feels her way behind stalagmites. She takes shelter here for the day, and the sounds of screaming make her cry. She can't believe this is happening; what kind of God would allow it? She loses faith in the guy in the sky right here; there is no such thing as a merciful father in this nightmare. In that case, Satan doesn't exist, either. You can't have one or the other; logic doesn't work that way. These spinning thoughts help her escape reality; she no longer feels the weight of the world on her shoulders. This false sense of security doesn't last; she's just fooling herself. The miners fall asleep again, and she continues her search. What a confusing, terrible situation! Who would've thought that she'd die at the hands of her fellow Babylonians? She pushes these thoughts aside, for she's not dead yet. Her determination aids her through weakness, and her hands find the edges of a rectangular, empty space. Beneath the darkness, she reveals a wide, beading smile. Entering the invisible mineshaft, the blackness somehow gets darker. Half a mile of limping passes, and her foot catches the stomach of a sleeping Babylonian. The figure rises, and she conjures enough strength to run, albeit poorly. It's like she's in Hell; the only way out is accepting your fate.

She reaches the tunnel's entrance, and as her predator wraps its cold hands around her arms, Heaven's rays pour into the blackness, and they fall into the quarry. Sun blinds their vision, and Anna lays on her back, letting the sun cook her pale skin. She sits up and opens her eyes, letting them readjust to freedom. However, when she sees the men in white cloaks holding the Babylonian rescuers hostage at gunpoint, she finds no freedom. Whoever these people are, they didn't help their cause because they're merciful; this is an act of dominance.

Their presumable leader, an Italian-American with mutton chops and a glove-covered arm, issues forth. He holds the arm away from his body and whistles. Down from the sky comes a giant, magnificent Golden Eagle. It lands on the man's arm, and Anna stares in horror at what's dangling from its beak: the head of Alexander Rudolph. Shock, dehydration, and malnourishment push her into an unconscious abyss.

In the kingdom, Forrest nervously observes the progressing society from the Throne Room's window, just like Echo. So many things are putting him on edge: the inevitable loss of sanity, Alexander's disappearance, and the Mine's missing shipment. He doesn't know how much longer he can balance these worries before more tip the scales against his favor. A sudden change along the horizon. Beyond all the skyscrapers to the east, a sea of survivors in white cloaks approaches the Gatehouse.

Alarm bells in watchtowers blare, alerting Babylonian archers to the wall walks. They carry assault rifles, bows, and arrows. Within the defenses, civilians barricade themselves in any shelter they find. Meanwhile, the king dons his cape, crown, and meets Echo at the base of the Needle.

"What should we do?" she pleads.

"You stay here; I'll confront them."

Echo objects, but he disregards her. At the Gatehouse, the king watches attentively as white cloaks march across the Drawbridge. He wants the knights to fight back, but after seeing the captive miners, he keeps his mouth shut. Even Fink and Wes are in the bunch; without Fink, who knows what the Mines will turn into. Without the kid, the Shadows will probably realize how unsafe this place is and revolt against the Monarchy. These people want blood, but Forrest isn't going to let it happen.

The Italian-American leader steps forward and announces that Babylon is his.

"Who the fuck do you think you are?" Forrest demands. "Do you really think we're just going to hand this place over to you?"

The mobster caricature replies with, "The more you fight back, the more your resources deplete, and the more I'll have control. We're more powerful than everyone in this shit-hole combined. We have fucking zeppelins; what do you have? Rocks? No, not even that. You have nothing. That's why we're going to kill you in front of all your people. Then, we're taking the miners hostage, and we'll begin our reign by taking the kingdom."

"When you kill the king, beware the people who hail him."

The mystic shadow of a human grins. "I like you. My apologies, I forgot to introduce myself. My name's Calsimier Ignatius, and my people are known as the Acolytes. You probably recognize us."

"We're isolationists. We prefer to stick to ourselves for this exact reason."

Ignatius scoffs, produces a flintlock pistol from a hidden holster, and aims it at the king. The captive miners gasp, but Timothy dives in front of the monarch, shielding him from the bullet. It shatters his kneecap, and the CEO collapses in a bloody mess. Merlin quickly appears on the scene, expressing great disgust towards this atrocity.

"Stop!" the teacher demands. "I have a deal!" Behind him, the king and other brave Babylonians carry Timothy off to the Hospital. "My service for Forrest's safety!"

Ignatius grows curious. "Service? What do you do here?"

"I've built this city from the ground up; I'm smarter than our own fucking gun-maker. I know the ins and outs of the architecture, of its social dynamics. This place is the back of my hand, so you tell me."

"Why aren't you the leader, then?"

"I'm not as capable as he is."

Forrest takes note of this strange shift in Merlin's character with gratitude.

Nodding, Ignatius motions him forward, and Babylon's gates slowly rise. The teacher confidently steps onto the Drawbridge, scheming an escape.

Before leaving, the mobster yells, "If you're wondering where Alex is, he's dead! So are the ones who went with him! For your own sake, stay out of California; that territory's ours!"