ARTIST: J.R. Mason
ALBUM: Babylon's Final Hours
CHAPTER: V - People

Bold determination overwhelms Heather as she guides her troop of Babylonian soldiers through a colorful area of Oregon's wilderness. They stomp over the infected autumn leaves, and Heather wraps her hand around the grip of her holstered flintlock pistol. Twenty feet from the edge of the trees, she pauses, and the others follow suit. Through the infected trunks, she spots an intimidating stone fortress from the Civil War. Now at their vantage point, the Babylonians draw their weapons and aim them at the building, preparing themselves for the worst case scenario. The air is quiet today, aside from the unsettling sound of tweeting birds, which proves to be a stark peaceful contrast from the ensuing events.

A terrible, dark feeling resides in the pit of Heather's trembling heart. She has the weight of the world on her shoulders, and if anybody dies, it's on her. This realization flows through the cracks of her spine like a toxic, haunting ooze of unimaginable ingredients. How will they know when to strike, when they hear bullets from inside? Surely by then, it'll be too late to save the king. Heather glances back at her troop, recognizing the severity of every passing second of calmness. If they lose Forrest, they lose everything. She has to be willing to make every sacrifice possible to ensure victory. That's the hard part of being a leader, she figures. You have to want to lose your followers. Is that what the Monarchy has to experience every day, that feeling of loss that nobody deserves? Perhaps they're numb to it now, and they've forgotten that painful sting of death.

Nonetheless, she uses this time to think about Alexander and how much potential he had. He was Babylon's best fighter, and Heather had the honor to be his best friend. She recalls meeting him outside Everett, Washington, in the yard of the county's airplane facility. From there, her life became what it is now, fighting for what he gave her. You can't perform this kind of conflict with a selfish attitude; you have to approach it with the aura of American revolutionaries, or all is lost. When you don't have a purpose for fighting, you give up easily. Thusly, Babylonian nationalism proves to be what they need most right now.

Forrest enters the Union base confidently, cautiously maneuvering through piles of debris from years of maltreatment. He arrives at the door of a bunking room, and on the door itself is a message that reads, "Welcome, Babylon" in red paint. Calmly, he wraps his hand around the doorknob, withstanding the screams in his head. They sound like buzzing alarms, warning him away from this Godforsaken place. For once, maybe they're right. Actually, is this the first time? Who knows with the king. Irregardless, he disregards their pleads, and presses into the room, taking deep breaths. On the other side, he finds a slim, Charles Author-type figure sitting at a simple wooden table. The stranger dons a white hoodie, has no hair, and wears that same confident look Forrest has.

The king sits in an empty chair, on the opposite side of his enemy. The President leans back in his chair, appearing to be at peace with his surroundings. Forrest, however, sits in a state of catatonia for the greater good. The amount of anger he can unleash right now would be enough to shatter dimensions.

The President sighs deeply. "I thought you'd look different." He shrugs his shoulders nonchalantly. "I've been disappointing myself a lot lately, so I'm not surprised. Before you start talking, I want to lay down an offer. We have similar leadership styles, and I want to team up with you. We're powerful people who have powerful impacts on others, and I feel like we can make a New World Order."

Forrest shakes his head. "Here's what I know. You killed the old commander of my army; you took my people away from me in broad daylight. You're forcing them to acclimate into something they barely understand, and I doubt you do, too. You have no idea what we can do when we put our minds together."

"That's no way to speak in a negotiation." The President suddenly bursts out in cold laughter. "Wait, that's why you don't know how to talk to me; I need to introduce myself." He extends a hand for the monarch. "Calsimier Ignatius, and you?"

The Babylonian scowls at the invitation. "Forrest."

The President lowers his hand. "Well, Forrest, just so you're aware of the respect I require, you will not fucking talk to me like that when I'm trying to be fair."

"Fair?"

"Yes, that's the glorious thing about democracy! All of it is fair!"

Again, Forrest shakes his head. "That's the thing; under monarchism, you control the people. That's a fair expression of power. Under democracy, the people control you. You're nothing more than a puppet."

"That's the thing," Ignatius retorts sarcastically. "Under monarchism, you control the people… until you don't. Revolutions? Coups? Those things tend to happen to people under crowns." He closes his eyes, patiently inhaling and exhaling. "Let's take this back a few notches. Let me give you a background, maybe that will convince you. I grew up in Mississippi before the Vietnam War. Did I dabble with the KKK? Maybe. Am I proud of it? Perhaps, but I digress. I got the draft, and I accepted."

The voices in Forrest's head force him to ask, "What did you see?"

The President leans forward along the tabletop. "We have a dodger, don't we? Interesting. Well, since you asked, I saw what the other side of the world was like. I saw what communism did, and I want to obliterate it. That's why I do what I do."

"I don't see why that should bother me."

Ignatius grins. "I've got the money, and I've got the time. We're bringing America back to how it once was, and we're not stopping until we do."

"Your vision of America is corrupt with white supremacy."

"Oh? And how's your vision moral?"

"I never said I'm moral. In fact, I don't believe in morals. I haven't since I saw sick people devouring each other right in front of me."

"That was a crazy time, wasn't it?"

"This meeting is pointless."

"Only because you're making it seem that way. You're a tough person to crack, Forrest. I respect that about you."

"Stop saying that shit!"

"What shit?"

"You don't respect or admire me; you're only doing it to make yourself look like the better person."

Ignatius changes the subject quickly. "After I took your people, how did you react? What have you been up to over there?"

"You don't want to know."

"Enough with the power moves. I'm trying to be civil, but you're pushing me to the edge."

"We've been preparing for conflict. We don't know what you're going to do to us next, so we have to put ourselves first."

"Do you still have family?"

Again, the voices force him to whisper, "Echo."

"Echo?"

The king lowers his head. "I love her."

"Do you want to see her tonight?"

"Yes."

"Then you'll join my order. I'm through playing games with you, a-"

"If you think you're going to conquer us, I won't let that happen. I'll die for my people."

"Will you really?"

"Of course."

"Your track record with conflict doesn't seem very promising."

"I RAN BECAUSE I HAD TO! I HAD NO CHOICE!"

"Only fools run from protecting their country in a time of crisis."

"You wouldn't understand."

"I do. My father was a business tycoon. He built and owned oil refineries all across the country. He glorified capitalism, and he became somebody because of it. He told me all the flaws behind communism, and I listened to him. The world can't survive without money."

"Babylon does. It's possible."

"What was your father like? What was his attitude?"

"Why are you asking me about my father?"

"There're cycles in families, and it's usually the son that breaks the cycle of their fathers, if it's unfavorable."

"He was a nobody."

"Then it looks like I was right."

"You didn't break your cycle."

"No, but that's only because accepting it would make me more successful. That's how things work; we have to find out what's most useful to us. Let me ask you something, how do you keep your people in line?"

"We practice oligarchal collectivism, but the people perceive us as a monarchy. As long as they think we're the only ones who have a say in what's going on, that's all that matters. One or two people can't control a population of our magnitude; there has to be a strict, efficient, deep part of the system that's in the know. And at the end of the day, what the Crown says, goes. It's all for show." Forrest smiles, proud of his explanation. "What about you?"

"Money is at the heart of power. The more you have, the more you own. How do you think I won the election? I have money, and I buy out my supporters."

"Money is sickness. It creates poverty and the unnecessary struggle between classes. It makes everything more confusing in the end."

"It doesn't. Once you see how we operate, you'll understand."

"Who thinks I want to see it?"

"How else will you understand us?"

Forrest grits his teeth. "I already do understand you! You're nothing more than an obstacle to us!"

"Why did we find one of your men on our turf? You're in Washington, hundreds of miles away. What were you doing down here?"

"Alexander wanted oil. I listened to him, and he sounded convincing."

"Well, I hate to break it to you, but that oil is ours. Even if he survived, there still would've been conflict. These things don't go down easily, which is why I'm trying to negotiate."

Forrest sits back comfortably in his chair, letting emotions show for once. "Before I built the kingdom, I was alone. Nights were so dark and cold that I couldn't get any sleep. I found this kid on my way; his name was Thomas. He was younger than me. There was innocence and purity in him, the last of his kind. I wanted to protect him from everything, and I was doing good… until we reached the hospital. We had to stay there; we had to get out of the snow. I didn't want him getting hypothermia or frostbite or whatever else this fucking world throws at you under those conditions. Anyway, there we were, in the Children's Ward. He was looking out a window, and someone from the outside shot and killed him. Blood and glass sprayed everywhere, and I just… stared. I didn't cry, and I didn't feel any pain. I just… looked. What once had life… is now limp on the floor. Something that had so much potential… lost because someone was paranoid. I never found the person that killed him, but that night… I vowed never to let my guard down. Now you know why I'm a tough nut to crack, as you put it."

Ignatius chuckles. "Damn, what are we going to do about you?"

"Giving me back my people would be a great step forward."

"You see, I can't do that. They provide for me, and I need their skills, especially Merlin."

"What have you done to him?"

"Absolutely nothing. His change is on his own terms."

"What kind of games are you playing? The abduction? The meeting? The taunting? The dots aren't connecting."

"I'm simply being… diplomatic. I'm trying to construct civil relations. You can either abide by my own standards, or you can leave. And seeing as how you haven't left yet, you have an interest in my offer, and I want you to go for it."

"Why did you join the KKK? Why something so… sinister?"

"Why does anybody do anything? Influence. That's what it all comes back to. You either influence yourself, or society does the work for you. I went for the latter route, because it got my name out there. I followed my dad's footsteps, and it led me to a higher version of my life. And what do you do to honor your family name? You perform; you put on this act that nobody can see through. That's true evil, if you ask me. However, I think you're the type of guy that can come to an understanding. If you had my perspective, it would empower you to unimaginable levels. There are no limits to this form of power, no more issues, no more hoops to hop through. The New World Order is here, and it resides in the hopes that you will accept this invitation. You're the perfect candidate for it; we're the same person."

"I AM NOT LIKE YOU!"

"Do you control people with force? Do you disobey their pleads of wanting to know why you do what you do? Do you look in the mirror and feel like a king?"

The monarch slams his fists on the table. "That's none of your goddamn business!"

"Seems like that's a nerve to avoid."

"Why do you keep taunting me and then saying this is a negotiation? If anything, this is a threat! Do you pity me?"

"Pity you? I merely take an interest in your style. Sure, my mannerisms show here and there, but that's just a slip of the tongue. Disregard it; those comments have no basis in reality."

"How can I trust you?"

"You just do. You don't resist it, and you don't rebel. You just accept."

"How much oil do you have?"

"Why the sudden interest in my market?"

"My people died trying to find it; I want to know what they lost their lives for."

"Well, in that case, we have endless amounts. Black oceans of the stuff. We have refineries that convert it to gasoline for our cars."

"What else do you have?"

"Aren't you the one that didn't want to talk about your community?"

"Aren't you the one that killed my men? I deserve to know; it's my right as your victim."

"We have plantations. Islands. We control San Francisco, as well as other smaller communities. We travel by train; we have airships. What's even more immaculate is that we're advancing. Our culture is changing, and we're accepting that change. How's it looking back in the Dark Ages?"

"We progress intellectually, not materialistically."

"Oh? How so?"

"We have an education system for our children; they know what's going on, and we're raising them to be seen better than how we are now. We're teaching them how to build, how to form relationships, how to work, and how to be happy. Merlin was our teacher, but… we don't have him right now, so they can't learn if nobody can teach them."

"You teach them how to be happy… in Babylon's way, right?"

"Yes."

"And in the end, that happiness is just manipulation, correct?"

"Yes. It takes the heat off us."

"Damn… you've got every angle of this figured out, haven't you? All the way down to falsifying joy."

"It has to be done for efficiency."

"I like you, Forrest. I like your ideas. They're innovative, and the world needs more people like you."

"The more you say it, the more I doubt you."

"Why?"

"Because I see this fire behind your eyes… this lust for invasion and siege."

"The weather's getting colder; we'll have no time for conflict in the face of the coming winter."

"Can I ask you something?"

"Yes."

"If you have airships… why did you make Marisa walk?"

"They're only for conquering people. We can't use them for small missions like that; it's inefficient."

"Is she okay?"

"Why do you want to know?"

"Because when she was at the kingdom, she looked scared. Not of the new environment, but of leaving. We gave her supplies, but when we parted ways, she looked back at us with this look of… loss."

"She was in love with me… I sent her there to prove it."

"But you don't love her back, do you?"

"No."

"You see, I've always found people like you disgusting. Do you have any idea what that journey is like? How much it can take out of you? Did you even ask her if she's okay?"

"I had a girlfriend before the end of the world. Her name was Victoria. We dated for about three years, and we fell madly in love with each other, but after that… she left. It was just for show. Ever since then, I've always looked down on women. I know it's a generalization, but it's helped me survive, and now…. I'm happy. Happier than I've ever been."

"You're… happy?"

"Yes. How can't I be? I have money, and that's all you need."

"That's all that intrigues your world? Financial empowerment?"

"What intrigues yours?"

"Community."

"So you're a communist."

"No; our bartering system is completely different from communism. Plus, monarchal communism doesn't exist; it's a complete contradiction."

"You know what I've noticed about your society? You have two leaders, when most kingdoms in the past only have one. Why is that?"

"Who said we had two leaders?"

"Merlin."

"He… willingly told you?"

Ignatius thinks about the pit of the infected. He remembers Merlin's gaze of fear, for he knew at any moment, one kick could send him over the edge, into the pit. "Yes."

The king suddenly leaps to his feet, his schizophrenia finally gaining complete control over his mind. This is payback for trying to silence us. Sweat forms on his forehead, and he screams, "The walls!" Grasping for air, he heaves, "They're… closing!" He runs over to the closest wall and bangs on it. "Those damn bastards! They think they can ruin my credit score!" He shoots a devious glance towards Ignatius. "Little did they know the market is already crashing! Look at the stocks; they're all fucking shit! Red across the board!"

Ignatius doesn't know what to do. "Are… are you okay?"

Forrest spreads out his arms and twirls around. "I'm more than okay!" He runs up to the table, hopping on top of it. "I just saved my own ass! The game's rigged, and it's working for me!"

"Forrest, sit down. We're trying to have an adult conversation. If you can't handle that, I'll have to get someone-"

The king stares dead into the President's eyes. "You have more people out there?! I thought this was one on one!" Heather brings him back to reality, and he climbs off the table. The thought of the Convergence coming down upon the Babylonians in the woods tethers his broken mind to the very chair he sits down in. "Tell me the truth; are your people watching us?"

"No, it's just us. What about you? Did you bring soldiers?"

"No."

"So we're on a common understanding."

"Yes."

"Why did you freak out? Was it a trap?"

Not wanting to reveal himself, Forrest nods his head. "I'm psychological in that way."

"That's why you should be part of the New World Order. I'm not going to give you up easily; you're my only shot to success, and-"

"You're scared of us, aren't you? That's why we're negotiating."

"Scared? Why would I be scared?"

"Because we're the first civilization you've encountered. You don't have any idea of our history, and you don't know what happens behind our walls."

"The same should go for you, right?"

"I'm not going to blindly accept something I disagree with."

"Listen, we're on the brink of war. We need to avoid con-"

"YOU KILLED ALEXANDER! END OF STORY!"

"Just come back with me to San Francisco so we can-"

Forrest flips the wooden table over, causing Ignatius to react in surprise. The table breaks into splinters, which fly in every direction across the room. "Do you have any idea the terror you've brought upon us? Do you have any idea how strong we are because of what we've experienced? EVERY BABYLONIAN IS THEIR OWN LEADER! THEY LEAD BY RESPECTING ME! THAT'S WHY THEY'RE SO EASY TO MANIPULATE! My people don't want anything to do with your people! We want to stay as far away from you as possible, but you won't let us! War is inevitable with your approach to this situation!"

Ignatius lunges towards the king, clenching his fists. One blow strikes Forrest's stomach, and another pierces his jaw. Broken teeth fall to the muddy earth as the monarch stumbles backwards, colliding with the rock wall behind him. The ensuing pain sends the king to his knees, and he spits out clumps of blood. The crimson liquid seeps into the mud, drying and darkening the area of its previous existence.

"I WANTED YOU!" the President cries out, taking on the role of a judgmental, omnipotent father. "YOU LEFT ME NO CHOICE!"

Holding his bleeding mouth, the king whimpers regretfully, "Where do we go from here?"

Thirty minutes later, Ignatius returns to a camp that's a few miles from the fort. Here, the acolytes file in and out of tents, stack wooden boxes on top of each other, and warm up by kindling campfires. Some roast game over the open flames; others just stare with uncertainty into the fleeing embers. He remembers what he told Forrest, accepting his personal dishonesty and labeling himself as a liar. In one of the tents, he finds Marisa sitting alone on a bottom bunk. Her red hair dangles over her eyes, and she gazes solemnly at her only experience with true love.

"Well?" she pleads.

"It's done."

"What did he say?"

The President shakes his head. "He's insane; he doesn't want to listen to reason. You know what we do to those kind of people. He's left me no choice but to fall back on the inevitable. He told me that his people are out for blood. We have to be, too."

"What about the families that don't want to be part of it? The children?"

"We'll throw them in the pit; we need to utilize it to its fullest potential." He turns to leave, but a questioning force stops him. "Marisa… why did you pick this place, out of all the other possibilities?"

"I had a revelation here."

"And that is?"

"You'll know soon enough. Can I ask you something? Why did you bring guns to negotiate peace?"

"Because I knew how this was going to end."

Ignatius exits the tent, basking in the glory of the camp's progress. They'll have the fort operational in no time, that's for sure. By whatever means it took Marisa to find this place, he's eternally grateful. He watches as acolytes pry open the wooden crates, revealing an endless surplus of ammunition. The bullets range from 0.50 calibers to 5.56x45mm NATOs. Some of the crates contain guns, most of which are from military outposts. It took years to scavenge these supplies; San Francisco doesn't have a gunman like Timothy. That's our only disadvantage, the President figures. A cold breeze flows through the woods, sending colorful leaves flying past his field of vision, collecting in piles after their landings. The crisp smell of autumn lingers in the air, reminding the President of an innocent childhood experience: making apple cider. He's perverted in this nature, thinking about something so nostalgic in the time of an impending crisis.

He walks through the camp, approaching his black car. A thin layer of frost forms on the glass surfaces, and he brushes the sheets off before entering the vehicle. Pulling his key out, he slips it into the ignition, twists it, and shivers as warm air blasts into his face. The engine trembles beneath him, and he grips the steering wheel tightly as he pulls away from the site.

That night, he detours through the ruins of northern California. The gas meter displays an almost empty tank, so he slows down, pulls over, and parks on the side of a crumbling road. He opens the dashboard, retrieving a flashlight and a siphon hose. Getting out of the car, he coils the hose around his shoulder and flicks on the flashlight. He moves to the trunk, opening it and grabbing a jerry can. Turning around, he waves the flashlight's beam over a dense pile-up twenty yards away. He approaches the melting vehicles, knowing he'll find gas. Fuel isn't hard to find; nobody thinks about searching these cars anymore, for they're just relics of a distant time. He opens the fuel filler of a Delorean, setting down the flashlight and jerry can before probing the hole with the siphon hose. He wraps his mouth around the other end of the hose and begins sucking the fuel out, spitting it into the jerry can. He almost swallows the gasoline at several points, wincing at every close call. Once he has a decent amount, he stops, picks everything up, and carries it back over to his car. He sets everything in its proper place and fills the empty tank. After he finishes, he returns the jerry can to the trunk, climbs into the driver's seat, and drives off into the unknown.

While driving down a collapsing interstate, he ponders on strange thoughts as he gazes through the windshield. Why did Marisa say that about her revelation? How is she capable of keeping such complex secrets when she tells him everything? Now that she's seemingly through with that habit, it makes him feel uneasy, like there's a disturbance in a system that has aimless goals, patterns, and purpose. He figures shrugging it off is healthier, so he turns his focus to the road. Potholes and withering asphalt, with weeds and shrubs growing from their cracks. What is he going to tell his people? How is he going to present it?

In the early hours of the morning, the sun's rays glow over the horizon, appearing to vibrate on molecular levels. The car approaches San Francisco's gate as a gentle fog settles over the Golden Gate Bridge. Ignatius stops the car as those impenetrable iron bars swing outward, like the entryway to some violent, undiscovered sin. The gatekeeper rushes out to the vehicle, stopping to pound on the driver's side window. Nervous, the President rolls it down.

"Ignatius," the cultist gasps. "Alcatraz is burning."

"What?" he shrieks.

The acolyte appears as if he's recalling the death of his mother. "It's happening so fast. One moment, it was quiet, now-"

A distant explosion alarms Ignatius, and he speeds past the gatekeeper, ignoring the screaming pleads to stop, to take a breath, to handle the situation logically. There's no time for that now; there's no time for anything. He drives through panicking crowds, which simmer down upon his arrival. They bask in his presence like a reptile basking in warm light. He reaches Lombard Street, watching the island in terror as flames engulf the minting facility.

"Ignatius!" screams Wendel, a prominent artist. "I GOT ONE!"

The President turns around, spotting Wendel with a Babylonian prisoner in cuffs. He approaches the pair, feeling pity for the teenage inmate. "What's his name?"

"Wes," the prisoner mumbles. "I'm the one who did this."

Wendel rolls his eyes. "He thinks he's a hot shot… I just think he's a pussy."

"Take him to my palace," the President demands, sounding like a businessman. "Do the same with the other Babylonians we find. We aren't going to kill them. Have any escaped?"

"No, but the confusion is… prolonging the win."

"Good," Wes grunts.

The President grins. "Put that bastard in my room and stand guard till I get back."

"In the middle of this?" Wendel screams.

"Are you questioning me? Do I need to… denounce your membership?"

"No, sir. I'm sorry."

"That's what I like to hear. Get going. Don't disappoint me."

Several Days Earlier…

Hellen approaches Fink as he works on a broken generator. She admires his determination towards the learning process. He knows so much now that he's been doing it for a few weeks. Has it really been that long already? If the riot's distracting her this much already, imagine the time she won't feel during the event.

"Hey," she whispers. "I have some news."

"About?"

"Ignatius. He's meeting with Forrest in Oregon in one week, and when he leaves, there's going to be a big farewell."

"Where did you hear this?"

"SanFrancisco.com."

"Do you know how dishonest the people here are? It's probably just a rumor."

"Well, it's the only lead I have."

"Then we'll take it."

"How's Wes doing?"

"He's spreading the news. The job's almost done."

"Good. I'll get word out to the slaves in the city. When this place goes up, it'll be their signal. They distract the army while we get our asses off the island."

"We're just using them?"

"No. We'll fight the army, too."

The owner of the minting facility, Dewey, approaches their section of the Powerhouse, and they quiet down. He always wears this stale, emotionless expression that disgusts Hellen to the core. He wears a black suit, different from the usual acolyte attire. He wants to stand out, to show some sort of authority over the people beneath him. He carries himself like a speaker at a high school debate, with his back straight, hiding the insecurities of a troublesome past. His mouth hangs open with a burning cigar protruding from one corner; the ashes flutter softly to the ground with every puff.

"How're things going?" he asks slyly.

Hellen stands tall against his masculinity. "We know the power is out; we're working hard to get the grid back up and running. We'd appreciate it if you gave us time to focus."

Dewey blows a cloud of smoke into her face. "That's not an excuse. Do you know how fragile our economy is? If that building isn't back online within the hour, you'll hear back from Marisa."

Fink stops working and joins the conversation. "We're here almost every hour of every day. If you have a problem with how tired we are, take it to Marisa."

Dewey slaps the miner. "Don't you dare talk to me that way! You are a prisoner, nothing more!"

Fink rubs his bruising cheek. "All you do is cower behind a shadow."

Collecting himself, Dewey walks away, clearly wanting to scream.

"You shouldn't have done that," Hellen states dreadfully. "You're starting a lot of drama before the real shit even gets started."

"I didn't like how he was threatening you."

"It doesn't matter now… Just focus on the work today, okay?"

"You got it."

"We can't have close calls like that anymore. I'm going back to the mainland to get more copper wire."

That night in Cellblock B, Wes Preston hoists himself onto the top bunk, observing the attitudes in the cellhouse from the confines of his hovel. The guards in the elevated gun galleries hold their pump-action rifles closely to their chests. A strange, unsettling emotion lingers in the atmosphere, one that's comparable to the ominous nature of fog settling over a vast, endless plane of existence. He waits until the guards change shifts to flip over his pillow, revealing a thin slit with stuffing pouring out of it. He reaches into the cut, pulling out a blank sheet of paper and pencil like how an ancient tribe pulls out the still-beating hearts of their victims. Examining the pen, he realizes this mechanism is man's true enemy, not a sword. Where you can communicate without being caught, uproots this truth. Taking a deep breath, he figures he has ten minutes to collect and catalog his thoughts, for that's how long it takes before the new guards get here.

He writes:

Helen,
The word is out. Every prisoner is on our side, even the mentally unstable ones from Cellblock D. All we need now are your people on our side and your blueprints. How many of them are there? Will the slaves listen to them? These questions still ring through my mind, and I doubt they'll disappear before I get an answer. The Babylonians are holding on… I don't know how, but we're doing it. Every time I look at their faces, I feel desolation. I want them to feel the sun again, while walking in a valley, not within the walls of a cement courtyard. I don't know if this plan will work or not, but I'm doing my part… I did my part. It's time for others to do the same.

The cell door opens, and his heart rate spikes, but it falls back to normalcy after a guard shoves Fink into the hovel. Wes quickly hides the pen and paper, and the guard slips away, unseen by everyone.

"I got some news from Helen," Fink says with a beaming grin.

Wes folds up his note and hands it to the miner. "What is it?"

Fink retrieves the paper and slides it into his pocket. "Ignatius and Forrest are meeting in a week. That's when we strike."

Wes stuffs the pen back into the pillow. "What about the army?"

"Helen will have the numbers by then; I believe in her." Fink rests a hand on Wes' shoulder. "I know belief doesn't put a nail in the coffin, but what other choice do we have than to rely on it? I know you're scared; I am too. I look at those Babylonians and I smell the blood that's coming. But when it does, we can't let it all come from us. That's why we have to be ready when we do this."

"What if that asshat Dewey finds out? What if I told the wrong person?"

"As far as I'm concerned, Dewey isn't the warden."

"People could be working for him. God, I'm such an idiot."

"No, you're hopeful. That's the kind of approach we need."

Wes smiles and hugs Fink. "Thank you." He steps back. "Why do leaders have to act like this? Why do we get put in these situations?"

"Because we're better than them."

"It feels like I'm in the cave again."

"I know… That's why I haven't been getting sleep. They captured us when we were going back to Babylon… When it all happened, I… I thought it was completely over."

"It's hard to be a good person now," Wes admits. "Everything you do to survive… makes you feel bad."

"Babylon is for the good; that's all I know, and it's the comfort I need. It helps me cope with the things I've done."

"Do you think Forrest is good?"

"I believe the Monarchy are caretakers; they foster us. Yes, they're good."

In the elevated gun galleries, new guards replace the old ones. Fink and Wes talk in whispers, like the other prisoners. There's no point in risking getting caught, especially with Dewey in charge. The air is thick with an ominous nature. The expressions the guards wear show that they know something horrible is right around the corner. Wes notices this, and he feels an intense wave of fear. Did a mole rat him out? Is there any hope now? The way the guards hold their rifles makes the kid shiver; they give him stale glares, as if the truth hides just behind their pupils. For whatever reason, the guards don't act on their suspicions, like a toxic parent waiting for the right moment to embarrass their kids.

"You're paranoid," Fink states.

"Yeah, no shit. I have every right to be."

"It's consuming you, kid. You have to let go of that fear."

Wes hoists himself to the top bunk. "I have nothing to let go of." He keeps his eyes open. "I miss Babylon."

Fink lays down in the bottom bunk. "I do, too. I miss the smells. The music. The security."

"How will we know when Ignatius leaves?"

"He's preparing some big farewell."

"I wouldn't expect anything less from somebody of his caliber."

"Wes, I have to find Anna when we get out. She's still alive."

"Do you really believe that?"

"I'm not believing she's dead until I see a body."

Wes turns his head, laying on his side. "I used to have more siblings in the wild. Before Merlin found us, we had twelve people in our family. The wild is… a crazy place. Anything can happen at any point in time; it's Jungle Law. Even when you run into a mobile clan, you have to retain suspicion. They can be marauders, rapists, or worse. You have to compensate for all this. When one of us would go missing, we wouldn't look for them. We just… assumed the worst, because it was easier than finding the truth."

"Wes, that-"

"I know, it's a bad mindset, but that's just how I was raised."

"That's not Babylon. We look for who we lose. We need them. And she needs you."

"She doesn't even know me."

"She will if you save her with me."

"I can't, Fink." Wes closes his eyes, holding the memories of the Shadows close to his heart.

In the city, Helen moves beneath the dark, blank night. Tonight, the sky is void of any stars, planets, and the shadow of a New Moon hangs high above her head. The homeless huddle by fires, their flames towering above a metal drum. Nobody glances at her; nobody knows her. She's the perfect person for this job. Passing by onyx cathedrals, churchgoers worship Ignatius, performing queer animal sacrifices in his name. Is this how we're supposed to honor the people above us? Is there any need for such a heinous pastime? She wonders how they're all under his spell. Does it come back to a simple need for someone's search for a person with courage? Does Ignatius even have any courage? It's like their loyalty to the President rests on a subconscious level, like the loyalty is a dark, poisonous gene pool in San Francisco's DNA.

She walks up to the arching front doors of a manor with white, spotless walls. Behind it lies a sugarcane plantation, her true desire. The rooftops of small slave shacks protrude from the blooming fields, and white men on horseback tramp by, keeping their people in line. The strange thing is that some of the slaves are white, making San Francisco's racism problem a huge, static, grey issue floating about in the aether of corruption. She knocks on the oaken doors and steps back, waiting for the man in charge, Tomkins. The doors swing open, revealing the ornate lifestyle of the upper class.

Tomkins stands tall, confident, ready to tackle whatever she's about to give him. "Hello," he says politely.

"Good evening, I'm here to speak to Lillian."

"About?"

"The sugarcane supply. I read we're doing poor, and I want to show her something that can help."

"You don't think I have it under control?"

"Do you know anything about agriculture? Irrigation?"

"Listen, lady, I just watch over them. I'm no farmer. That isn't our work." He steps inside. "Come on."

"Thank you."

She walks out the manor's backdoors, successfully entering the plantation's grounds. The sharp odor of manure mixes with a calm fragrance of spice. She wanders through the blooming fields, approaching the closest wooden shack. Its front door is missing, and the roof is about to cave in. Nobody fixes it, for the maltreatment of these slaves resembles the characteristics of somebody who abuses animals. She steps into the humid structure, finding Lillian crying on a torn mattress. Mold grows over its surface, like how mycelium covers miles of ground beneath our feet.

"Lillian," Helen starts. "I have an offer."

Lillian glances up at her through the tears. Wiping her eyes, she stands up and hugs the frizzy-haired traitor.

"What is it?"

Helen backs away and glances over her shoulder, making sure nobody's there. She whispers, her voice barely audible above a blast of wind, "There are prisoners on Alcatraz that want to escape. They're planning a riot as we speak. I need your help."

Lillian nods. "Why did you come to me first?"

"Out of all the slaves that have influence, you're the leading woman to me."

Lillian blushes. "How can we help?"

The traitor smirks. "I admire your eagerness. On the night of Ignatius' departure, I need you, Philip, and the others to lead a rebellion against the army. Kill as many as you can. Your signal will be Alcatraz' flames."

Lillian's face flashes from rose red to ghost white, like the mercury in a thermometer when the weather transforms from warm to cold. "Helen… I can't kill people. I'm not like that."

The traitor's heart races. "Please, I need you to hear me out. You haven't given me a chance to explain the second part."

"Fine, go ahead, then."

"From what I've been hearing, the prisoners are from a kingdom called Babylon. If this event succeeds, we can escape and go there."

"They really told you that?"

"Well, not exactly, but I'm going to convince the leading men, Wes and Fink."

Merlin wanders the slums of the city, the moonlight casting a white glow over brick Brownstones. He passes fields of solar panels, pondering on a way out of this situation. The meeting isn't going to end well; why Forrest and Ignatius are doing this is foreign to the teacher. If conflict unfolds, it's going to be hell on Earth. How will it even play out? Will civilians on both sides commit? What about the innocent? He gazes up at the twinkling sky, thinking about the first day he met Echo. He still remembers how cold the tunnel felt. All those hands reaching out from broken car windows, with shards of glass protruding from their knuckles. He smells the crimson fumes of blood, turning his memories to the first day in the Seattle camp. Is anything different now? Did Judas' death amount to nothing?

In the distance, he hears a train's horn. Trains in the city don't run at this hour, so this spurs his curiosity. He follows the sounds, reaching a concrete train station that's built into the East Wall. Its design mimics Grand Central Station, complete with an atmosphere of quickly shifting schedules and stress. It holds the aura of a broker late for a new day on Wall Street. He enters the building through grand, barred doors beneath a columned roof. The open interior gives way to a spacious emotion; in the daytime, the traffic in this place must be a nightmare. Blank figurines of acolytes stand behind ticket booths; souls devoid of meaning, a true display of capitalism.

He watches as a steam-engine pulls in from the wild; when it stops, the boxcar's doors slide open, revealing slaves in cuffs. Acolytes shove them out of their compartments, and they beat the weakest arrivals. Upon further inspection, Merlin discovers a map of the West Coast covering the ceiling right above his head. Red polka-dots cover the names of towns and cities south of San Francisco. In Washington, a blue one encases Seattle.

Exiting the station, he returns to the palace and finds Ignatius in Athena's chamber, dangling a live mouse over her beak. When the door closes, Ignatius drops the mouse, and the eagle devours it whole.

"Why didn't you tell me about the other communities?" Merlin demands.

Ignatius turns, his pointed hood striking anxiety in Merlin's heart. "I didn't think I had to."

"How far does this thing go, Ignatius?"

"We have twenty-five communities within our control."

"Why was Babylon marked?"

The President smirks. "You saw that… Good. It just means Babylon is… a work in progress. Merlin, during times like these, you have to stick to your rhetoric. That's what being a President is all about. Before I went into office, before I got my cabinet, I told the people we'd conquer more territory to strengthen our city and our dominance over others. I've stuck to my word, and I'm going to stick to it. Nothing is going to change."

"Where will the Babylonians go in case something happens on Alcatraz? I remember you saying you prepare for every possible contingency."

"Comstock; it's where the worst of the worst go."

"And you have a cabinet?"

"My inner circle."

"Ignatius, that isn't democracy. Your cabinet can't be the richest people-"

"IT IS DEMOCRACY, GOD DAMN IT! IT'S OUR OWN VERSION OF IT!"

Merlin's heart races. "Aren't you thinking about how much damage this future conflict will cause? What if they raid San Francisco? What if you're… in over your head?"

"It doesn't matter! I have an agenda to abide by! You're starting to sound like a damn rebel. Did I make a mistake when I invited you into my own fucking house to live?"

Merlin hangs his head. "Why did it have to be me?"

"Your intelligence is valuable here. You're going to play an important part in our victory. You know everything about Babylon."

"I thought you were negotiating for peace."

"The people need to think that; I'm just doing this to see what Forrest is like. I know you care about people there, but sometimes in life… you just have to let go of the ones you love the most."

"My king has killed more than 3,000 people. I just want you to know that so you don't say the wrong thing to set him off." The teacher crosses over to the chamber's door. "I'll see you in the morning."

In his room, Merlin basks in the blankness of a note. Pen in hand, he wonders about how he can describe his idea. He realizes this is futile, sneaking out of the palace and back to the train station. He jots down every detail the ceiling map provides for him, and then he writes the letter that can save countless innocent lives.

The week progresses very slowly, and everyone feels the milliseconds drip in and out of basic comprehension. One morning, Merlin finds homing pigeons surrounding a water fountain; orphans feed them birdseed and slices of stale bread. He remembers hearing stories from the American Civil War wherein spy rings would deliver messages with hidden codes written in invisible ink. An idea forms in his head, and he returns to the empty palace. In the endless backyard, an apple orchard: the perfect incentive for birds to come back to their houses. He goes back into the city, finding a hardware store. Inside, robed cashiers help acolytes check out items; shelves upon shelves of tools and plywood await the beholder, providing them with the eerie experience of a post-apocalyptic, fully-functioning economy. Since Merlin's an elite, he doesn't have to pay for anything, so he snatches whatever he finds useful and makes a round-trip to the orchard. Here, he begins building a birdhouse.

Elsewhere, Helen converses with the slaves about the night of the riot. On the island, things get worse for the inmates. Dewey's strict schedules take away all possible sleeping hours, and the guards become increasingly reckless. They stop hiding in the gun galleries and roam the corridors in groups, as if they belong to a military parade. The guards break into cells regularly to beat inmates with chains, whips, flat irons, and hammers. You can hear the rhythmic sound of breaking bones and ensuing screams. If there isn't any blood drawn by lunchtime, the prisoners consider it a good day.

On the day of the riot, Wes and Fink remind each other of the plan. There are many historical locations on the Rock. For example, the Docks (where the ferry rests), Building 64 (where the acolytes live), the Water Tower and Lighthouse (sniper's nests), the Officer's Club, the Powerhouse, the cellhouse, and the Laundromat. Within the cellhouse itself are four cellblocks: A, B, C, and D. The final one is comparable to maximum security or solitary confinement. Ironically, that's where the riot will begin.

"When this thing goes down, we have to get to the armory," Wes instructs. "There's gonna be a lot of fighting that we're gonna have to push through, but we have to get those weapons."

"Unless we pick up some on the way there," Fink suggests.

"How will we do that?" Wes asks.

"I'm just… thinking about other options."

"This is the only option we have."

Twenty minutes pass, and a power outage consumes the island. Fink and Wes watch as the cell doors open, and the prisoners flood into the corridors. Guards in Cellblock D try containing the crowds, but the uncontrollable nature of those inmates is too much for even a military commander to control. These prisoners have an endless spectrum of illnesses, from insanity to PTSD. Fink and Wes join the ensuing mass gathering of orange jumpsuits, and they let out their rage against the machine. Prisoners gang up on groups of acolytes, easily overpowering them without guns. The blasts of bullets echo off rusty metallic walls, and the smell of gunpowder replaces the salty fumes of the bay. People throw each other over guard rails, grenades explode in an effort to stun opponents, and flash bangs blind several unfortunate victims.

By midnight, the prisoners gain access to the admin block, where the armory is. Fink leads Wes by the hand through bloody scenes which conjure an unknown level of evil. They almost die at several points; Wes almost gets shot in the arm, but an unnamed Babylonian saves him. A guard tackles Fink, but Wes kills the attacker by breaking his neck. The pair uses the distraction of violence to separate from the brawl; they slip into a dark hallway, wherein flames of torches illuminate the compact space. The Babylonians reach a simple wooden door, and this arouses suspicion. Why aren't there any guards or booby traps here? Keeping this in mind, Fink wraps his trembling fingers around an oaken handle, and Wes steps aside as it opens. Nothing happens; the distant sounds of rebellion gives them chills.

Wasting no time, they enter the small chamber, gawking at the stockpiles of weaponry. Assault rifles, shotguns, pistols, grenades of all sorts, and canisters of mustard gas line the walls. Boxes of ammunition rest beneath the shelves, right next to body armor and plating. This is too easy; they think it's a trap as they don themselves in military-grade equipment. Fink loads an M16 whilst Wes cocks a 12-gauge shotgun.

"Your shoulder will be blown away by the recoil!" Fink exclaims. "You need a smaller gun!"

"I can handle it!"

"Wes, I-"

An explosion in the hallway sends the tips of their guns pointing towards the armory's entrance. When they see a wave of inmates, they lower their rifles and rejoice. Outside, rows of acolytes from Building 64 march down the pathway, but the prisoners are too quick and begin firing before they do. Wes and Fink stand at the back of their team, cowering below the stray bullets zipping above their heads. Bodies pile on top of each other on both sides, and they become barricades for the survivors. There's a break during the stand, and the prisoners push through it after setting off mustard gas. The most capable push through the confusion and towards the cellhouse's front doors. Fink and Wes barely hold onto their sanity; they frantically scratch at their throats and wipe their teary eyes, gasping as they charge through the entrance, into fresh air.

Here, the Powerhouse erupts into flames. Fink whirls around, gazing up at the abrupt blaze. The night sky flashes with reds and oranges; everyone on the island feels the distant heat. Black plumes of smoke fall upon the bay, covering it in a cloud of darkness. From the mainland, they hear gunfire. Wes smiles, knowing the slaves are paying attention. Fink grabs the kid by the arm, and they hold onto their guns as they press through the fog. The riot continues all around them; they dodge traumatizing firefights, several more burning buildings, and listen to the shrieks of an unknown victim. The pair rejects participating, for they only have one location in mind: the docked ferry.

Snipers in the nests surrounding the island fire off deadly rounds; a bullet strikes the dirt in front of Wes' feet, and another grazes Fink's cheek. They wonder if the snipers have thermal scopes, or if they're just spraying and praying.

Exhaustion eventually consumes everyone. The fight drowns the island in sweat and blood, a dark reenactment of Atlantis. Guards corner Wes, Fink, and several other prisoners near Building 64; they surround the small group, beating them down with the butts of their weapons. Bullets strike down the inmates' opponents, and from the fog emerges Dewey, holding an MP35.

Fink climbs to his trembling feet. "Why?"

Dewey shoves him aside. "Just go. I have no need to explain myself."

And just as mysteriously as he appeared, he vanishes.

Wes climbs to his feet. "We've gotta get to that ferry! We can't waste anymore time!"

Fink glances over his shoulder, watching the empty space behind him, hoping for an answer to come out of this cosmic nonsense.

Wes scans the bickering group of surviving prisoners. He shouts over the blasts, "DO ANY OF YOU KNOW HOW TO PILOT A BOAT?" A female prisoner steps forward. "GOOD! WE NEED YOU!"

When they get to Alcatraz's ferry, the riot's almost over. Fink stares in awe at the blooming destruction; gunfire fades away in this region like how the ocean's waves roll back into their world after kissing the shore. Nobody won this battle; everyone is either dead or dying. Behind them, on the mainland, the survivors face bigger problems: facing the slave rebellion.

Wes grabs Fink's shoulder. "We have to-"

"WE LED THEM TO DIE!" Fink shrieks.

"No, joining us was their decision. We can't save everyone; we aren't heroes."

Fink backs away from the kid, storming onto the ferry. "We aren't."

The survivors watch the island as they drift into the cold, shark-infested bay. Fink spots the remnants of the minting facility, and a horrible realization dawns on him: there's no going back from conflict. What they're doing will bury the hatchet between these strange societies who were already uncomfortable with the other's existence. Babylon is now Juliet, after her suicide. As the buildings turn to ash, so does the hope for peace. They ruined San Francisco's money supply; they're akin to terrorists. Are they really good people? Is that even real anymore? Fink turns his thoughts towards Helen. Before leaving, he has to find her, so he can set her on the right path, then he can find Anna. What about Wes, though? What is sending that kid down this reckless path? Fink remembers how merciless he was during the fray; a normal kid shouldn't act like that, even after the collapse of civilization. He figures the best option would be to bring the boy into the wild, so that neither of them die for a larger conflict they clearly want no part of. Fink gazes down at the waves, examining his reflection in the rippling surface. Who is he?

They dock the ferry at the mainland. Dismounting the boat, the survivors charge into the encompassing madness. Plumes of flame and smoke suffocate dying acolytes and slaves; distant bullets ring through the night. At any moment, one of those blasts can be for them. Anxiety chokes out hope as they push through the disarray; craters from bombs polka-dot the roads as if this scene is an aftermath of a Vietnam battle. The world is dangerous once again; they're devolving back to surviving through fear. The worst part is, it's their own faults yet again. They say history repeats itself until you learn from it.

Somewhere in the confusion, Fink bumps into Merlin, knocking the teacher on his ass. Fink remembers him and he helps the fallen Babylonian to his feet.

"Thank God!" Merlin exclaims. "What the fuck is happening?!"

Fink grabs the teacher's arm. "Come on, we have to find Wes! I lost him."

"I'm sorry… I can't go with you."

Fink feels like fainting. "What?!"

Merlin reaches into his pants pocket and produces a note. "Take this to Forrest; it'll help with whatever you're planning. Expect more deliveries once I train my homing pigeons."

Fink hesitantly retrieves the note. "What are you going to do now?"

Merlin vanishes. "I'm finding Ignatius."

The battle flickers and wanes like the last flashes of candlelight. The only separation between its birth and its death lies in the perspective of its observer. Whatever remains of the Babylonians, prisoners, or slaves gets thrown into Ignatius' palace. Hours of confusion follow. Hours of hopelessness, unknowingness, and self-pity. Merlin finds himself in the palace, watching over the prisoners in handcuffs. Once again he's left questioning his beliefs. Is it the Babylonians he's fighting for, or some other ridiculous cause?

The President emerges from the other side of some blazing torch. "Did you find what you were looking for?" He gestures towards the crowd of cowering, shivering, cold unknowns. "Is this really what you wanted, Merlin? I know I didn't want this, but somehow, we're here. I'm just going to accept it."

"What are you going to do with them?"

"We're shipping them off to a work camp." The President singles out Wes. "However, I don't know what I'm going to do with that piece of shit, yet."

What concerns Merlin the most is that he's worrying more about San Francisco's forthcoming issues. How can they recover from such a loss; their entire economy is in shambles. Somebody's going to have to put it all back together somehow, and God knows he won't be the one to do it. For some odd reason, the image of the painting pops back into his mind, the one by Delacroix. One simple phrase follows: war is now.

Sometime later, Dewey bumps into Ignatius in the crowding palace.

The economist pulls the President aside. "We need to talk."

"About what? Where have you been?! Why aren't you putting out fires?"

"This is a more dire issue. The other communities have overpopulation issues; that's what the pen is for. We can do some housecleaning, but they'll have to stay here for a while. We have to put the economy first."

"No, democracy first. If we don't deal with our foreign issues, we won't have an economy to fix."

"The economy drives democracy."

Ignatius grunts. "Fine, how long will it take?"

"Four weeks to rebuild the minting facility, then we'll go from there."

Ignatius spits on the ground. "You disgrace me. How many men did we lose?"

"I… I don't know. I just saw… bodies everywhere on the way here."

"What happened on Alcatraz?"

"The Babylonians… They started the riot. They took the ferry; I had to get here by a raft."

"Do you know anything else?"

"No," Dewey responds, staring hopelessly at the crowd in cuffs. "But do you have anything for me?"

Ignatius looks confidently into the economist's soul. "Dewey, if there's anything I can confirm, it's that we will have our revenge. They won't know when it's coming, but it will come. They can't think we won't respond; we have to. If there's anything I can promise, it's that we'll win this war, and we'll conquer them, just like how we conquer everybody else." Somewhere in the back of his mind, all he sees is that same painting by Eugene Delacroix.