ARTIST: J.R. Mason
ALBUM: Babylon's Final Hours
CHAPTER: VII - Who Will You Become?

Time is the most valuable resource in nature. It takes, destroys, rebuilds, all within the cosmic blink of an eye. The Big Bang began with time, and it will be there indefinitely, ushering the universe along its infinite cycle of growth, decay, birth, and death. The most important aspect of time is that it produces. This can't be any clearer to Ignatius as he wakes up, tracing a singular trail of thought: time is money.

What the Babylonians did is inexcusable. There is no way to justify it and nobody else to blame. They are a problem that needs taken care of. There is no way these two societies can coexist peacefully anymore; they have too many disagreements, differing values, and beliefs. Isn't that partly why any two groups go to war in the first place?

He saw the damage they did to the train. He saw the bodies of his men, the ones who he appointed to protect him. Rage courses through his veins as he leaps out of bed, dons the cloak, and storms down an ornate hallway. Arriving at the door to Athena's chamber, he wraps his hands around the brass knob, hearing whimpering on the other side. Grinning, the President pulls up the cloak's white hood with his free hand. He twists the knob, pushes the door open, and invites darkness.

"NO!" a woman suddenly shrieks. "PLEASE! I ALREADY TOLD YOU IT WASN'T ME! YOU DON'T HAVE TO KEEP DOING THIS!"

"Don't worry, Hellen. I don't have anything this time. I just want to tell you a story. You see, I don't think you're taking my threats seriously. I know you've only been here a day and you haven't had time to adjust, so I feel like you should understand me. I do not take nonsense. Do you mind if I tell you a story?"

Next to Hellen, three familiar faces: Monica, Edward, and Stacey Stanson.

"WE DID WHAT YOU WANTED US TO DO!" Monica cries. "WE DON'T DESERVE THIS!"

"That's my point," Ignatius states. "Your use… is useless to me, now. The more efficient I am, the more the Babylonians will suffer." Drawing a pistol, he aims it at Edward's head, the trigger sending waves of three blasts ricocheting off marble walls.

Hellen descends deeper into desperation. "THERE'S NOTHING TO UNDERSTAND ABOUT YOU! I KNOW WHO YOU ARE! YOU'RE A MONSTER! YOU CAN'T UNDERSTAND A FUCKING MONSTER!"

Ignatius smiles in the blackness. "That's where you're wrong, Hellen. You see, humans have a unique relationship with morality and immorality. What do you think is bad? That you're in here? What if you weren't? Would it still be bad or good? What if you were somewhere worse? Does that make this place better? Do you see what I'm driving at? Perspective, Hellen, it's all about perspective. And I happen to worship the former in this matter."

Hellen gasps, "Why do you try to justify it?"

"Because I can. Because even if I don't, the people will still look up to me because they believe what I am doing is right. They're too far gone to realize how much we own them. Like I said, Hellen, I'm a no-nonsense guy. Now, I think it's time for me to tell you a story, so I can prove you wrong."

The year is 1973. The radiant sun hangs high in a blue, cloudy sky, as if a post-apocalyptic world doesn't exist beneath it. He traverses the landscape alone, distraught, and lost. He's heard stories ever since Montana about other groups and how they're making their way to San Francisco because it's where the last society is. Currently, he roams through Eureka, California. He never acclimates himself to the quietness of the suburbs and cities; all of it is still too strange for him, even this late into everything.

He, a man of a disastrous caliber, didn't want this for humanity. When there's no people, you can't make money. Currency used to be the essence on which he built his prominence in yesterday's world. People used to know his name from New York to Florida, because he belonged to a very fortunate, productive family living on Long Island. Everyone earned what they had. His parents never gave him anything for free, he lived under strict rules, and he became very self-disciplined as a result. To him, following the rules is what got him successful.

When he was sixteen, he was forced by the muzzle of his father's gun to join the Ku Klux Klan, so he did. It was either that or death. His father was very conservative, often turning to fundamentalist views to exaggerate his opinions. It had a unique effect on Ignatius, because he isn't religious. He doesn't believe in God, because the only God he sees is on the dollar bill. That's the only God that can change things.

He is not meant for this world; he knows it in his heart that this isn't for him, and he struggles not to escape it. Despite his situation, he hasn't killed anybody yet. He still offers people mercy, because future generations will need people to reestablish the economy. It's a funny thing to think about, the prospect of there being a future monetary system. He might not have the drive to make it happen himself, but he finds hope in others. Finding the will to live through other people is the key, and now he's alone. No will, no purpose, no meaning. He lets the wind guide him towards his destination, because even if he makes it, he's still going to die one day.

He closes his eyes, echoing his father's words, "You're worth what you touch." That philosophy makes him who he is today. If your hands aren't reaching for anything, if they're just waiting idly by on the wayside, there is nobody to blame for your failure besides yourself. A man's value depends on the work he puts into his life. This aspect sparks an unrelenting love for capitalism, and it ignites a curious joy wherein he pretends it's all a game, with choice dictating it. Choice isn't an illusion under capitalism; the better ones you make, the better outcomes you have. It's as simple as that, and people didn't understand it.

Resting here, he ponders on the future of the game. Is there any chance for revival? Should it be brought back in the first place? What if he adopts it and changes it to fit his own perspective? The insanity of even finding out where to begin is too much to comprehend. There is nothing now, and people will inevitably make something out of it. He doesn't know why he's alive when he's been in multiple situations where he shouldn't have escaped. Why did the world save him? What good does he do in this uncontrollable environment?

He refuses joining tribes. Some offer him membership, but he rejects each time. He doesn't want to let his guard down, for comfort is a precursor to one's death. He never works well in teams, either; he's always been most efficient when working independently.

An eagle's cry. She breaks him out of this trance; she is the only meaning to his life right now. The bird swoops down from the sky, landing gracefully upon the veteran's shoulder.

"What are we going to do, Athena?" Ignatius asks, letting out a sigh as if he's a deflating balloon.

Sitting in the field, they bask in the peace. "How are we going to get the world back to how it was? How can we fix everything? How can we get the right people with the right minds? We need something, Athena; we need to find this place. I don't want to be… without someone else… anymore."

Later, Athena flies overhead as Ignatius roams the land. With night on the way, he seeks shelter, eventually finding a Victorian graveyard. A coal-black fence taller than him encompasses the cemetery, and an eerie gate at the front invites him inside. On the gate, plywood with a message in blue spray paint: accept what is. He stares at the message for a while, wondering if the person who left this is in San Francisco. Holding his breath, he presses into the grounds, navigating the area while Athena hunts.

He stumbles upon a mausoleum sticking out like a sore thumb; the brown-green moss compliments the cracking grey exterior stone. Ignatius wipes away cobwebs, gawking at an enormous, ominous door beneath years of rot. He wraps his hands around rusty metallic bars, twists them with both hands, and pushes the blockade open. A cold gust of wind escapes the chamber, engulfing the veteran in chills. He gulps, entering and leaving the door open for Athena.

Inside, his heart breaks from the poetic devolution of life. Maggots and insects crawl through the spaces of bones left behind by a couple's suicide. Ignatius finds two rings on the floor beside them, next to the remains of a pump-action shotgun. Along the walls, the mausoleum's coffins. He reads the plaques, and he figures the universe has a sick sense of humor, for the golden plates have matching surnames.

Athena lands outside, tossing a fish into the air and gulping it mid-flight. Ignatius watches with great amusement, envious he can't just up and fly like his only friend. Her talons scrape across the stone as she approaches her savior.

"Think we can stay here?" he asks. The eagle flaps her wings, nesting right here before his feet. "Guess that answers it." He watches as she eyes the corpses, and to show his understanding, he drags the bodies outside, lying them on the infected grass. Returning, he comments, "It made me uncomfortable, too." The stench hangs thick in the humid air; he chokes back vomit, wondering how the bird can hold in that fish. "Let's just try our best to gather some energy for tomorrow. These are the last few miles." He suddenly closes his eyes, growing solemn. "I regret… everything, Athena. My dad, he… he made me hurt innocent people. He made me… abide by his ideologies." He laughs. "The son of a bitch was the first one to catch a whiff of the collapse. He was this occultist freak; he had connections with the Freemasons. He knew… that the Russians would attack us with that EMP. He knew about the conspiracy between Vietnam and China. He didn't do anything about it, and that's what terrifies me. How can you hold that information from the public? How can you… put a curtain over everything?"

He reflects on his past, the present being too discomforting, and the future being too uncertain. The only thing he knows is what's behind him, and he seeks solace in the concrete nature of that fact. We suffer because we, like Ignatius, can't separate our thoughts from ourselves. We trap our consciousness in a downward spiral, unbeknownst to us, until a damning realization makes itself apparent. Ignatius chooses to be ignorant about the nature of consciousness, because in the grand scheme of things, Earth is a speck of meaningless sand floating endlessly in cosmic wind. It's pointless to wonder about those types of things, especially now.

He remembers a family gathering before Vietnam, early in his life. He was in Utah, celebrating the occasion in Salt Lake City. He was sitting on the back porch of a lake house, watching his siblings play in a boat in the middle of the rippling water. The sky was blue, a different blue than the one he sees today. It was the blue of innocence, a radiant color of hope and life.

Time changes you. Ignatius doesn't believe in his original perception of it anymore. In an age without clocks, radios, cars, all of these things we think we need, everything becomes one. Days, nights, the seasons, and the weather seem to bleed into one entity. It moves in waves, whatever this entity is. It's a force dependent on the existence of vibrations, mathematical calculations and geometric shapes transforming in less than the span of a sneeze.

In the middle of the night, Ignatius sneaks outside, restless. A thick fog looms over the cemetery, and the trees surrounding him seem to dance and twirl in the mist. He doesn't know what to do about his guilt. It consumes him daily, weighing on his consciousness and robbing his heart from a breath of genuine, quiet air. He hopes San Francisco can take this feeling away from him, because he doesn't know how much longer he can last, even with Athena. He asks himself what his suicide would do to her, and it hurts him too much to think about.

Look at all these tombstones, these images into the lives of people who knew order. He makes up backstories for each name he reads, forgetting about the moon shifting across the black sky. He feels a strange, natural connection with death in this moment. He usually fears its grasp, but now, a euphoric acceptance flows through him like the notes of some French concerto. It isn't normal to be afraid of death this late in the game, but it still bothers him because of its roots. He witnessed a car accident wherein his sister passed; the still frame image of her body withstands coping mechanisms like drug highs, hobbies, and hoping for a better future. These objects that we use to escape reality are of no use to him. Life goes on, silently, just like him.

Examining the graves, he finds himself missing the people he's lost. He thinks about all of them: Carly, Dennis, Nick, Lucas, Henry, Sydney. They're all just memories in a labyrinth of suffering. More still frames, more change. He remembers how each one died, how they all… fought for his survival. Why did they choose to do that? They knew who he was, yet they let him live; they knew about all the shitty things he's done, yet they protected him with their souls. What does any of this nonsense mean? Why would they, the ones with higher potential, sacrifice themselves for him? What aspect of his personality do they want to die for?

We aren't meant to understand life in its entirety; our brains are too feeble to comprehend that. There has to be a limit to what we can know, or else there won't be any mystery, and mystery is the heart of reality's origin.

In the distance, he hears clopping hooves. Standing up, Ignatius moves over to the graveyard's gate. From the fog emerges a small girl with a rucksack, mounting a pack mule. She passes the gate, and Ignatius is about to leave her behind, but something tells him not to; something tells him to invite her inside. He listens to this calling and whistles, alerting the passing survivor. She turns, her heart dropping out of fright. Upon making eye contact with the man, she grins. This isn't the reaction you usually get from meeting loners on the road; he was half expecting her to run away.

She dismounts the mule, leading it by the straps of its harness to the gate. "San Francisco?"

Ignatius nods his head. "Do you want to come inside? I'm trying to bring hospitality back."

"Where?"

"Here; I'm staying for the night."

The girl glances behind the stranger, trying to view his camp. She feels apprehensive, starting away with the mule.

"Wait!" Ignatius begs. "Please, I haven't talked to anybody in years; I just need someone."

The girl stops. "I don't know if I trust you."

"You can't," Ignatius states. "But is going at it alone easy? Does it keep you sane?"

"It's not easy; it's just what I do."

Ignatius rests his head against the gate's bars. "I've been alone for nearly three years. No parents, no friends, nobody to talk to. You'd be bleeding on the floor if you had anything worth taking. You need me just as much as I need you."

The girl faces him. "What's your name?"

"Ignatius. You?"

"Violet."

"You were born after the collapse, weren't you?"

"I was born in a Kansas settlement, but… it's gone now. Why are people so comfortable with murder?"

"Because there is no murder anymore."

"Are you a bad person?"

"What is bad? At the end of the day, what gives us a right to put a label on such things anymore? Look around you."

"What do you mean?"

"Morality and immorality… it's clear to me now that it's all an illusion. The truth is we just define these things to conjure some feeling of importance from an unknown source. Nobody is purely good or purely bad."

"What defines those situations are our actions and motives behind them." She approaches the gate with her mule, and Ignatius opens it. "Thank you."

All around them, withering flowers sprout up from the earth. The stench of rot makes Violet gag, and she leaves her mule for a lake behind Ignatius' mausoleum. At its shore, Violet kneels and spews chunks into the black-green water, where once, you could've seen your reflection in its clear surface. The girl stares into it, fixating her consciousness on the reality of her situation.

Ignatius watches with curiosity, tethering the mule to a nearby gravestone. The remnants of innocence never cease to put him in awe. In a world where such a concept should be forgotten, it exists in this moment, a special glimpse into self-realization. No matter how brief these glimpses are, they still offer evidence for something to be borne from this broken generation.

Violet knocks herself out of her trance and returns to Ignatius. "Thank you for inviting me inside. Something just occurred to me, and… I'm grateful for what you did. I have a feeling I would've died otherwise… I was about to let myself."

"Why?"

"You are the only person in the past nine years that wanted to reach out to me. I thought you were a mirage at first, and I just wanted to accept an end. I don't think I even wanted to make it to San Francisco."

"Who was the last person you talked to?"

"My mother." The girl grins. "It's funny. I still remember how she sounds, even after all this time. The last thing she said to me was that… she regretted not being there."

Ignatius gazes up at the nebulous glow of space life. "It was like all of the other missions, but for some reason, this experience became a part of me. We got in a firefight in Vietnam. I saw myself for the first time in the perspective of my enemies, and for a split second, I questioned what we were fighting for. Is it really worth it to hold someone else at the end of a gun because those were your orders?" He gulps. "The last person I talked to was my mom, too. She would always tell me that you're worth what you touch."

She looks towards the graveyard's entrance. "You know, we don't have to leave for the city right away. We can stay here for a few days."

Ignatius chuckles. "It sounds like you need time away from the road. We can hunt and gather whatever we can over the next two or three days. We can't stay that long; it's an obligation to see this place."

Peaceful hours follow. Rarely do these moments ever happen to Ignatius; he laughs and talks with the girl through their efforts of sustaining themselves. He gets to know himself through her on some occasions, and he likes this feeling; hell, he chases it every goddamn second without him knowing. He feels at home in its presence, a feeling he wishes he can capture and lock away for himself.

A waning gibbous glides over them without ever stopping. Ignatius aspires to be like that. JFK promised to put a man on the moon's surface by the end of the decade. That promise never came. Now, man has to become the moon if he wishes to survive; a relentless accident of mother nature swirling around a gravitational pole in the boonies of the last frontier.

They fill Violet's rucksack to the brim with game, feeling a sense of enjoyment from the adventure. The walk back to the graveyard is silent, because the guilt of accepting happiness in this world consumes their egos. A smile doesn't last long in this world; its nature can be comparable to the characteristics of a nonrenewable resource. Admittedly, they feel strange for sharing a good day with each other, because they're still pretty much strangers. That's the one thing about this world Ignatius can't understand; the way connections develop so quickly.

Later that night, Ignatius wakes up on the mausoleum's floor with a start. Looming over him, a sleepwalking Violet. The blankness of her expression terrifies him, but he's quick to remember that waking a sleepwalking person is the worst thing you can do. The girl mumbles in her sleep, subconsciously living out a dream in real life. Ignatius can't make anything out of them, and after a while it decays into an ancient tongue. The site fascinates Ignatius, but the fear of an accidental arousal keeps him on his back.

The next morning, he exits the mausoleum with Athena. She takes flight, and he finds Violet sitting near the graveyard's lake with her mule. She feeds it an apple, and they rest together, basking in the warmth of a sunlight he doesn't recognize. The morning rays bake the lake's murky water, slowly hardening it into a muddy paste. Violet spots Ignatius, and she waves him over. Smiling, Ignatius proceeds, stomping over tall grass.

"What does the bird think of Charlie?" Violet asks, chuckling.

"Athena adores Charlie."

"Strange. You think she'd attack him."

"Maybe she didn't for a reason."

"Do you actually think that's possible?"

"My dad was obsessed with evolution, and he taught it to me. Something natural and larger than Earth itself works in tandem. It's the machine at its core. Although it takes millions of years, everything changes in this system. These changes might be tiny, but down the chain they grow in observational value. With that in mind, the system is still changing, and maybe… that's part of it. There're just new rules we don't understand now, and we have to learn them soon."

"I still believe in God."

"Really?"

"Yeah. I know it's stupid; I know I shouldn't, but something keeps pulling me towards it."

"I never went to church when I was a kid."

"Why?"

"My parents weren't huge on it. Then Vietnam got in the way and put everything on hold."

"Do you regret fighting now?"

"No, it was the best thing I ever did. I told you about those milliseconds where I did feel guilt, but I overcame them. I'm proud I had a chance to fight for my country."

"I thought you were from Italy because of your name."

"You can thank my dad for that."

"Did you have a wife during the war?"

"No, I never married."

They tether the mule to rails inside the mausoleum and loot nearby neighborhoods for anything useful, finding medicine, small portions of food, and a pocket knife. In a mansion's chest of drawers, they uncover a bow and eleven arrows in a bundle. On its front lawn, they examine the empty district before them. Broken glass, pieces of plywood, trashcans, and rusty cars rest in an infinite motionless state atop decaying asphalt. Soon, everything around them will be dust. There will be no relics of the old way of life, and that terrifies them. If they forget, what will become of that madness? New government types? New, undefinable obstacles? The apocalyptic fog grows into a dense societal hailstorm, but only in hindsight.

It rains on their way back. When they return, Athena waits patiently at the gate for Ignatius with a rat dangling from her beak. The rainfall turns the dry lake back into a brown marsh. The stench worsens with the moisture, and everyone crams into the only shelter for miles. The storm lasts for hours, and lightning blasts across the sky as if God's tearing the fabric of reality apart with a machete. Certain strikes start fires, and they grow into respectable blazes as they mercilessly consume anything to survive.

"Why don't you believe in anything?" Violet asks.

"I don't trust it. I don't want to waste my time believing in something that might not even exist. There's this thought experiment called Pascal's Wager. He argues that people should live their lives as though God exists, even if He doesn't. That way, when they die, they only have a finite loss, only to gain infinite Shangri-La. I see fallacies in that statement. He assumes God is real right off the bat, giving the other party no choice. He also suggests humans are immortal, and this can greatly damage someone's way of thinking. Imagine living your life knowing where you'll go after you die. It seems pretty pointless to exist in the first place, doesn't it? I also disagree with the idea of Hell. Why would someone so loving create a place so damning? The logic simply doesn't add up."

"I see it as people holding on to something."

"Why's that?"

"When you have nothing, wouldn't you like to believe everything is going to be alright in the end?"

"I want to make everything alright now."

Charlie sleeps on the ground behind her, next to Athena. The site makes Ignatius yawn, and he decides they should sleep. Deep in the night, he wakes up to a snoring Violet again. Instead of staying put like she did the first time, she lumbers over to the mausoleum's door, pushes it open, and walks into the night. Ignatius slips by the sleeping animals, following this strange path. He watches as the girl limps to the lake's shoreline, pausing when the tips of her shoes touch the water. Her aura dances in the rain, and she slowly submerges herself beneath the water's surface. Ignatius takes one step forward, but a seductive, evil force within him stops progression. Bubbles pop where she sinks, and her eyes shoot open underwater. Violet grasps for breath, unable to swim. One minute. Two minutes. Three. The struggling slows to a steady halt, and her lifeless body emerges from the depths.

Then, he returns to the mausoleum, digs through Violet's backpack, and produces a pocket knife. He waits for the storm to pass, pondering on a gross act. The violent rainfall secedes into quietness that morning, when Ignatius skins the mule. He roasts the meat over a roaring campfire on the lake's shore, observing Athena as she picks at Violet's floating flesh. They leave after Ignatius steals Violet's rucksack, closing the gate behind them without looking back or feeling remorse. The bird rests on his shoulder, the sun illuminating blobs of crimson on her feathers and beak.

They pass through several burnt towns, examining the callbacks to the old world's problems. Signs from the early riots still shine through the apocalyptic crust; they display simple, rebellious messages demanding change, a cure for the virus, an end to the American involvement in the Vietnam War, an end to communist invaders. It's during this time when Ignatius recognizes the magnitude of stupidity. How did we let it get this far? What made us give up that spark? Why do we call ourselves survivors when we shouldn't even have the option for that? Images of Violet impede this train of thought. She was too good for this world; what happened to her was merciful. If San Francisco's gone, that discovery won't hurt her now. Either way, she just would've wound up dead later. What happened was an act of natural selection; it was the universe taking its own course, warranting no intrusion. Who is he to stop her God?

They reach the ruins of a drive-inn, investigating the burnt-out cars in the parking lot. The movie screen is torn in several places; speakers rest in their own ashes, and telephone poles lay peacefully on the roofs of vehicles. Ignatius turns down an aisle, only for this fatal step to trigger a bear trap hiding beneath a layer of miscellaneous trash. Metal prongs pierce his leg, and Athena takes flight as a horrible shriek cracks through the wasteland. Makeshift alarms blare, and the distant yelps of a tribe bring life to this once barren area. Dark figures hop fences and climb over cars until they reach their bleeding, crying target. They threaten to stab him with spears, knives, anything that has a sharp edge; they thrust the blades in his face, chanting ancient hymns. The circling stops, and the chief emerges, holding a head by its scalp.

"Do you see this?" The chief growls. "You do; you know who we are."

"I… I don't…"

"YOU'RE WITH HUNTER!" The chief screams, swinging the head and striking Ignatius with it. "YOU DAMN WELL SHOULDN'T PLAY DUMB!"

"I'M NOT!" Ignatius screams, pleading for his life. "I'M TRAVELING TO SAN FRANCISCO!"

The chief recognizes his sincerity, backing off and calming down, like lava retreating into a volcano. "San Francisco? Why?"

"Are you kidding me? How have you not seen it yet?" He struggles against the metal prongs. "Please release me… I'll tell you everything you need to know." Blood-loss causes him to faint.

Hours later, Ignatius wakes up to the tribe pouring water on him. Restraints force his back against a cot, and a pyramid-shaped roof of fabric suggests a tipi. A wooden pole supports it, and unintelligible conversations surround him, emerging into his consciousness like the early waves of a record breaking tsunami. The powerful surge of a headache pulses in his frontal lobe, and his leg rests under the protection of gauze, stitches, and rubbing alcohol. These incompetent bastards didn't even provide him with a blood transfusion.

The chief enters the tent, sharpening his spear. "You had quite the nasty fall."

"I need more blood," Ignatius demands. "I lost a fucking bucket-full."

"Do you know how stupid that would be?" The chief retorts. "We're nomads, not doctors. What if we give you the wrong blood type? I'm not going to be responsible for the death of a man that can lead us to safety."

"You don't want to be nomads, then."

"Not anymore. We just arrived here from Oklahoma."

"San Francisco," Ignatius gasps weakly. "There's a rumor spreading that the city is the last civilization."

"We keep hearing those rumors." The chief states. "Hendrick's County. Birmingham. The Kennedy Township. Babylon. We've tried for most of them, and they were all gone. We're losing hope."

"Babylon? Where's that?"

"The location keeps changing. We hear it's in Pittsburg, New Mexico, Nevada, all over. It's either Babylon's a ghost, or there are different communities that have the same name. Either way, we want to avoid it."

"What makes you so confident about San Francisco?"

"It's close to home; we have nothing going for us out here."

"It's only a few day's travel from here; I had a map in the rucksack you took."

"We'll wait here until your leg heals. We're not taking any half measures."

"And how long will that take?"

The chief finishes sharpening the arrowhead. "Like I said, we're not doctors."

The conversations outside turn into the frantic cries of cowards at the sound of gunfire. Neighboring tipis catch the fire of molotov cocktails, and the chief evacuates the area, leaving Ignatius to beg for help alone. Shadows dance across the fabric in a quick sprint; blood splatters across the shield, the globs creating ominous, dark patterns. In this moment of truth, Ignatius finds the motivation to do something he's never done: pray. He asks God to forgive him of his sins, to let him live so that he can travel down the road he rejects. He apologizes for letting his father have control, for letting a deep, unknown evil kill Violet. By the end of this session, he's in tears, at the mercy of memory. Black plumes of smoke flood into the tent, creeping over his vision like the hallucinations of a victim undergoing sleep paralysis. Eventually, he passes out under the overabundance of carbon monoxide.

In this foggy state, memories from childhood come back to him. He remembers these talks he would have with his mother, these talks that had the potential to justify a murderer. Whenever his dad would stop behaving erratically, she would defend him on her own time. She would tell him that what he does is normal, that the kid must always abide by his parents' wishes. He remembers a strange feeling he got when the draft came to his door; it was a sensation of relief. The war was his escape from the aristocratic lifestyle, a lifestyle that he had no intention of living in his youth.

He remembers the sensation of battle, that cycle of chaos and order completing itself within the span of an evening. He still feels that rush, that indescribable coalescence of anxiety, instinct, and courage. He used to hear stories about soldiers accidentally setting off booby traps in the labyrinths of jungles. Some would be merciful, the instant penetration of a poison dart arrow striking a skull. Others would bring the capitalist supports to their slow ends, leaving squadrons trapped in pits more than ten feet below the surface.

A bright white obstructs the darkness in his mind, an energy so warm and loving it brings him the euphoria that even the drugs of the counterculture movement can't conjure. The light fades away, and he envisions himself standing upon a mountaintop, overlooking a civilization with boxcars acting as barricades. Within the boundary, a city with a familiar site known as Lombard Street. The winding road twists up a hill like a drunk stumbling home from a bar. Brownstone apartments, arrays of solar panels, and fertile plantations bring a vegetative aura to the settlement. Zeppelins rise from the opening roofs of warehouses, displaying their confidence unto the lone figure.

Next to him, a shadow emerges from a black cloud. Ignatius recognizes this figure as the physical manifestation of the evil presence he felt when he didn't save Violet.

"This can all be yours," it says with a growl. "You have the golden opportunity to own everything."

"I believe in God, now. You can't affect me; I won't allow it."

"We both know you love controlling people. You gave orders on the battlefield, god damn it. People turned to you, because they respected you. You can have it all again, and this time people will venerate you. You'll be their God. Why believe in Him when you can become Him?"

"I'm not going to turn back on someone who saved my life. He earned my loyalty today."

"Ignatius… I know how unstable you are. You try taking these steps to become a better person when you wind up where you began after that moment of wanting to change passes. Your savior is only a pipe dream."

"Why are you showing me this?"

"Because these people are lost. You have the proper experience to lead them."

"You're evil."

"No, Ignatius. I'm Fear. Fear is the fuel behind survival, and you have the energy within you to turn that fear into production. This is my opportunity to live through you."

"Are you a demon?"

"I'm entirely separate from religious beliefs. I only look like this because this is how you can physically perceive an emotion."

"So… If I make them afraid… If I obtain power… If I play by the rules… They'll know me."

"Yes."

The blackness consumes his mind again, and he's sent back to a childhood memory. He's in a Louisiana swamp cabin, standing next to his dad. Before them, captive Civil Rights members. His dad holds a whip, ready to strike people who stop at nothing to protect liberty. The prisoners don't cry or beg for help; they sit in silence, keeping their gazes to the wooden floorboards. Outside, crickets chirp and buzzards feed on animal carcasses. The cabin's open front door reveals a dock leading to an airboat.

His father nudges him on the shoulder, displaying the whip. "Son, you know what you have to do."

"But I-" The father smacks him, sending the boy stumbling backwards. "I don't want to hurt them! What did they do?"

"What the fuck did you just say?!" Foam forms on the corners of the tyrant's lips. "These communist motherfuckers are tainting the safety of the Jim Crow laws! The girl? She drank from a water fountain for colors only! The boy? He went to prom with a black girl! This is unacceptable and it makes us weak! We need to free America from these vermin!"

For the first time in his young life, Ignatius feels fear, a selfless kind of terror. He wants to jump onto the airboat, but his father forces him the whip for the second time. He shoves the kid over to the captives, laughing as if he's in the middle of listening to a comedian. The kid stands over these innocent martyrs, the whip's handle rolling in his trembling hand. Its straps dance across the floorboards, as if Ignatius is puppeteering an empty presence. He raises the whip cautiously, purposely stalling every second he can. The anger in his father boils like water in a tea kettle, and he bounds over to his son, grabs his arm, and forces the boy to strike. Shrieks ring out through the empty swamp, and the insects pause their songs.

"LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DO!" his father screams. "You could've just listened to me the first time! It's going to be so much worse for them now!"

The seconds go by in quick flashes of blank intervals. Ignatius closes his eyes, struggling against his father's strength. Why does his mom defend somebody like this? Can she be too far gone under his authority? The captives cry out in agony, screaming for their superiors to stop. The beating lasts for twenty minutes, the final strike hitting the boy, who finally dies from the abuse. Ignatius drops the whip, gazing over this act in horror, backing away from the scene.

"Do you want to know why I keep you alive?" his father grunts. "Because murder's illegal."

"I'm not killing myself," Ignatius retorts. "I don't care what it takes, but I'm getting away from you."

"YOU LIKE YOUR LIFE, YOU HYPOCRITICAL BASTARD! YOU LIVE OUTSIDE OF POVERTY BECAUSE YOU ARE ABOVE IT! WHO ARE YOU WITHOUT THIS MONEY? WHAT KIND OF SCUM WILL YOU BECOME? YOU WANT TO RUN AWAY AND MAKE SOMETHING OF YOURSELF? You won't. And that's what you can't comprehend. You can't run, because the fortune is too alluring. If you really wanted to, you would've left a long time ago."

That night, Ignatius and his family sit around a dinner table in their mansion. His mother shakily cuts her steak, sunglasses covering black eyes. His father sits confidently in his suit at the end of the table, devouring the portions as if he's living out a Chinese famine. The son stares down at his plate, hearing the whip crack across terrible thoughts.

"Son," his father starts. "Eat."

He reluctantly obeys. After dinner, he cleans off his plate and goes outside to check the mail. Opening it, he retrieves a small, yellow envelope. Tearing it open, he reads the draft for the Vietnam War. Tears of joy form in his eyes, dripping off his cheek and dampening his source of relief.

He wakes up from this nightmare in a fit of coughing. Opening his eyes, a room with four white walls and a low ceiling. An IV bag injects blood into the broken survivor, and a heartbeat monitor chimes in from the right-hand side of the room. Looking through the window in the opposite wall, he sees the distant signs of civilization. Brownstone apartments line tightly-packed streets, and members of a lower class pass over asphalt roads in horse-drawn carriages. The wealthy ride in vehicles, insinuating a clear division of power.

The door of his room opens, and a bald, male doctor enters the room in a white hooded coat. He carries a clipboard in his hands, mimicking the old way of life.

"Good morning," the doctor says with a smile. "I'm Dr. Samuels. You've been out for a while."

"Why did they keep me alive?"

The healer examines his leg. "You weren't with the tribe. We exterminate all tribes. The garb is a clear indicator, too."

"Is this San Francisco?"

"Yes. You're very lucky to have made it."

Ignatius almost jumps out of his bed. "Please, I have so many questions. I just… need to understand this place. I've been on the road for so long; an explanation is the least I deserve."

The doctor lets out a mournful sigh. "Honestly, it's not the best place on Earth. The political side of the city is almost on fire because of our President, Hudson. He's bringing this entire city down, and nobody's willing to stand up to him. He has this wife, our First Lady, Marisa. She's… not fit for her position. People spread rumors about them all the time, from abuse to human trafficking."

"How long has this place been here?"

The doctor acts as if he doesn't want to remember the early days of San Francisco, putting on a facade that he's grateful to share the origin story. "The walls started going up under the authority of our first President elect, Vincent Wyatt. Wyatt had an idea to bring the American Dream back to us. The Dream gave us an excuse to come together to build a sanctuary. We got the boxcars from rail yards, stacking them on top of each other with cranes powered by vegetable oil. We built our own solar panels, and everyone grew food on windowsills until we got the proper materials to construct plantations. Dewey's arrival changed everything. He was an economic advisor before the collapse, and he helped Wyatt build a minting facility on Alcatraz. Ever since the reintroduction of money, nothing has been the same."

"Why the hoodies?"

"Part of our belief system stems from occultism. People need something to hold on to, and occultism gives them that."

Ignatius feels a spark of pain in his leg, and he asks, "How long will I be in here for?"

"Well, from the state of your leg, I'd say about a week. The prongs didn't even touch your veins, but they did damage muscle. We're going to have to examine it more, but with the drugs we have, you won't feel us poking or making any area feel uncomfortable. You have a strong chance for complete recovery."

The days pass quietly, Ignatius feeling very fortunate to be here. He watches the city through the window, getting a feel for its vibe. From what he can see, everything the doctor said is true. One evening, the citizens form a parade to boost patriotic morale, but the event stirs conflict revolving around different viewpoints. Before a riot breaks out, the city's military unit shows off its power, and the people simmer down. The parade continues on a much different aura, and everyone's thankful for its end. The selfless poor protest on street corners, demanding higher wages and an income they can live off of. Signs display rouge messages of criticisms towards capitalism, the city's labor laws, and President Hudson.

From this vantage point, a fire ignites in Ignatius' heart. It isn't a fire borne from evil, but a fire borne from a genuine interest in making the city a better place. As the hours of recovery pass, this gives him time to focus on this new idea. He plans on exposing himself to the city's political climate, feeling passionate emotions for the people run through him. He envisions himself standing alongside their protests, standing behind podiums with crowds listening to what he has to say, to what he has in store for their futures. He sees himself taking a noble, honest stance against the forces that aim to take away peace. However, behind this wishful thinking, he still thinks about what happened to Violet. He tells himself to forgo the regret, but he still remembers the strength of the dark force that stopped him from saving her. Can he stop it to save himself?

The day finally comes where he's able to leave this crippling life behind. Emerging from the city's hospital, he shields the sun's rays from his face. The doors close behind him, and he listens for that inevitable slam, the sound that separates his old attitude from his new one, but the noise never comes.

Instead, he hears a female's voice screaming, "Ignatius, wait!"

He turns, a young redhead following his tail. "Who are you?"

"Marisa," she says, gasping for breath. "I'm glad I could catch you on the way out. I was calling your name, but you weren't listening."

"Marisa? Aren't you the First Lady?"

She blushes, the paparazzi recognition never getting old. "Yes. I just wanted to see you because I want to hear your story."

"My story? What makes me so important?"

"You're the first lone survivor to reach us within two years. I want to invite you to dinner; you can tell Hudson and I about yourself."

"Well, if that doesn't bother you. I… I don't want to seem like a burden, but I don't exactly have anywhere to stay. They just kind of kicked me out."

A sudden smile bursts on her face. "We have a guest room. I feel confident you'll like it."

Later, Marisa drives a limousine to the front doors of a gargantuan palace. Marble walls compliment its golden braces, and large windows display murals depicting prominent scenes and artifacts from the Bible. The Arc of the Covenant, the Holy Grail, and the hidden scriptures beneath the Vatican, with only imagination to conjure a theoretical, momentary picture so insignificant yet its mystery continuously withstands time. A miniature statue of Christ the Redeemer blossoms from a flowing fountain in the front yard, seemingly inviting members of any class to come in, but a feeling inside Ignatius knows this as a red herring. They ride past the site, Ignatius examining the statue thoroughly.

Marisa parks the limo in the driveway and ushers Ignatius inside, wherein he basks in the warmth of the entrance hallway. Lit chandeliers line the walls, their lights casting ominous shadows across the length of the oaken interior. Footsteps echo towards them from the far end of the hallway, preceding the sound of a door closing. A figure taller than either of them emerges from the depths with a cane, the chandeliers casting an eerie glow over his old, pale face. The age difference between him and Marisa astounds Ignatius, but he keeps these comments to himself.

"Hello," Hudson starts, extending a clammy hand. "We're both pleased to have you here."

Ignatius accepts the gesture. "What's on the menu?"

Hudson chuckles. "The Midwestern special. Cornbread, fried potatoes, and beans."

The world takes Ignatius back to just a few days ago, when he was eating whatever he came across. "I don't remember the last time I've had food of that quality before."

Hudson eyes him in astonishment. "How didn't you go crazy out there by yourself?"

Marisa intervenes. "This should be saved for dinner, honey."

Hudson rolls his eyes, leading them down the hallway. "The dining room's right this way."

Entering the dining room, Ignatius finds an ornate table set up for the evening. Three plates of food sit idly in front of throne-like chairs; glasses of red wine compliment the servings. Everyone takes their seats, Hudson at the end of the table, Marisa to his left, Ignatius to his right. This is supposed to be dinner, so why does Ignatius feel like he's in an interrogation chamber? Pushing this feeling aside, they begin eating, Ignatius savoring every last morsel. The warm food of immaculate preparation is almost too much for him to handle, and an unknown hunger within him rages. For years, he was a scavenger, but now, he's finally king.

After drinking the wine, Hudson breaks the ice. "Do you remember the early days, Ignatius?"

He stops eating, laying down his utensils. "Yes."

"Where were you?" Marisa asks.

Ignatius almost forgets, but an image of his dad's football jersey flashes in his mind. "New York. I belonged to a very fortunate family, until the draft came."

Marisa gasps, "The draft? Were you scared?"

He shakes his head. "It was the best thing that could've happened to me."

Hudson recalls a memory. "I was a thousand years younger, but I used to be a judge in Oklahoma. I already knew how to play the game. Have you ever heard Hitler's backstory?" Ignatius shakes his head. "In World War 1, Hitler served in the trenches alongside the Germans. One day, a British soldier approaches him. Hitler's weak, defenseless, but the British soldier, against all odds, lets him live. The war ends, and the world blames Germany. Hitler goes back to his country and rises to power, using rhetoric that amounts to making Germany great again. This sparks World War 2 in the 1940s. It's the Butterfly Effect, Ignatius. What I want to do is use choice to my advantage. Choice matters."

"When I was in the hospital," Ignatius starts. "I watched the city. I observed its characteristics, its socioeconomics. It made me want to join your government."

Marisa's heart drops. "Hudson, I think-"

"Shut up," the President interrupts. "This guy hasn't even been here a week and he wants to play a game he's never even picked up the controllers for."

"I'm sorry for offering my service," Ignatius retorts with a quiet look of offense.

Marisa shakes her head. "Let's just change the subject, shall we?"

Hudson obliges. "Why don't you tell Ignatius about Leo, Marisa."

All the color drains from Marisa's face, even her red hair turns white. The name brings her back to the worst moment of her life, a moment wherein violence and evil become inseparable. She drops the fork and knife, clearing her throat. "I… I watched somebody drown. I didn't save them, though. I could have. It was this boy, he was too innocent for this world. What I did was-"

"Merciful," Hudson finishes. "Tell me, Ignatius, how do you define mercy?"

Ignatius wipes his lips with a napkin. "Leniency. It's like striking oil nowadays."

Hudson smirks. "You obviously haven't seen our refineries then. We are a civilization that thrives off providing mercy… after conquering other civilizations. We take control because we have to. Because this civilization needs growth, recognition, and fear. We go for those we see as vulnerable, defenseless, and weak."

"How many colonies are under your control?" Ignatius asks coldly.

"Twelve and we're only growing. So is our army, too. You see, there's a formula to this game, a mathematical calculation behind power and control. Leonhard Euler had a great influence on mathematics, but he forgot one thing: these numbers are in our head. If they're in our head, if we can transmute them and channel them into existing in this reality, we can do the same thing with thought."

After dinner, Hudson leads Ignatius down the hallway while Marisa tends to the dishes. The President leads him into the guest room, where they talk in private.

"I'm sorry about that," Hudson states. "You're our guest; I didn't mean to make you feel uncomfortable."

"I feel quite the opposite," Ignatius insists. "This place is heaven to me."

"Marisa," he sighs. "She's still stuck in the past. She has a hard time moving on from things. People are a lot more vulnerable now; this is part of the formula that makes them easy to control. The smart become aware of this and do what they please."

"Why are you telling me this if you don't believe I can make it in politics?"

"I never said it was impossible." Hudson grins. "That passion you felt when you were injured… I felt that same passion, too. Somewhere along the line, I lost sight of who I was. I have completely different goals now; the power consumes you if you're not careful. Play your cards right, and only then can you begin to understand the significance of every action, no matter how big or small."

"This… is advice. You're preparing me."

"Yes. I see hope in you."

With that, Hudson leaves the room. Later, Ignatius lays in the bed, gazing blankly at the oaken ceiling. Faint shouting from a nearby bedroom keeps him awake, the curiosity sealing his insomnia. Just hours ago, Hudson portrayed himself as a kind man with a few fissures in his morality. Now, it's clear that that's not the case.

The President barges into his quarters, wherein Marisa straightens her hair. The sudden boom makes her jump, and she drops the device, jumping out of her seat to protect herself. A red glow of anger on his face tantalizes any sense of control, and she cowers against the edge of the king-sized bed. Tears swell in her eyes, and he looks like a cartoon character before steam shoots out of the nose and ears. There is no motive behind this outburst, no meaning or rhyme. Sometimes Hudson just wants to show off his power over her, to force her into a submissive state of mind. He's nothing without her, but she can't leave him. No matter how much she wants to, the gravitational force of his abuse brings her back, like a satellite caught in the orbit of a gas giant. From Ignatius' room, he hears lamps breaking, abrupt shouting matches, and shrieks for help. He doesn't know what to do, nor does he want to make the situation worse. If he intervenes, Hudson won't let him participate in any political affairs. If he doesn't, Marisa will turn into another Violet. That name triggers the fleeting sensation of evil, that devil-like emotion that even the most negative words can't describe. At this resurgence, he climbs out of bed, enters the hallway, and crosses over to the room from whence the cries emerge. Gulping, he knocks on the door, and the muffled struggling ceases.

It opens, and a weeping Marisa opens the door. "Please… go away."

"Let me talk to Hu-" The door opens wider, and the old President towers over the defenseless girl. "Oh, hello."

Hudson smiles, the audacity of the bastard. "Did we wake you?"

"I've been awake," he states. "Listen, if I'm a guest here, I need you to treat me like one. I can't be the witness for this kind of shit unless you want to keep your reputation."

The President chuckles, realizing the cards he's playing. "You're clever. You want us to be quiet? Fine. But if I catch your ass snooping, I'll kick it to the curb."

Ignatius nods his head. "Duly noted."

It's in this moment where Marisa falls in love with him. Nobody has ever stood up to Hudson before out of the fear of it backfiring. Hudson's response surprises her, because he usually never takes anything from anyone. Perhaps he saw something in him that she didn't see; whatever it was, she sees it now. She needs a man like Ignatius in her life, someone who'll protect her from harm's way. Codependency is something she fails to recognize; it seals her doom with everyone that intrigues her, but with Ignatius, she doesn't feel doubt. This is real. And when love is real, only a fool passes on such an opportunity.

After Hudson shuts the door, and after a whispering war, the President falls asleep, but Marisa remains awake. Upon hearing the telltale signs of sleep, she quietly removes the covers and falls to the floor with a distant thud. Reaching under the bed, she produces a small wooden box of her own creation. Laying it on the floor, she opens the lid, revealing an empty interior. She wraps her hand around the false velvet bottom and pulls it out, smiling upon the site of a palm-sized baggie. Inside, four grams of cocaine from a rogue cultist. She unzips the bag and lines up the blow, enjoying every second of its nasal consumption. Euphoria overwhelms any possibility of sadness, and the room around her spins as if her mind's riding an invisible carousel of time. Her body shivers under the artificial, temporary happiness, and her heart rides the waves of a tsunami. This is why she stays with him; if she didn't have anything to escape from, what would be the point?

A loud banging at the door wakes Ignatius up from a dream. Angry, he climbs out of bed, wondering what time it is. He rubs his eyes and opens the door, and Marisa charges him with romantic embrace. Ignatius accepts, giving in to the First Lady's seduction. They collapse on his bed in a volcanic eruption of lust, false perceptions of love ringing out through the now endless night. After her climax, they rest, gazing into each other's blue-green eyes.

"You know what I want," Ignatius states. "Can you give it to me?"

In her unstable consciousness, she says, "Yes, I'll do anything I can to get you."

Lying, he replies with, "What makes you think you don't have me already?"

She leaves an hour later, sneaking back into the President's bed like a rapidly growing mold specimen. The dark night pours over a sleepless Ignatius, who can't stop thinking about his next move. He decides to trust Hudson's advice before the intervention, anything he says now is up to speculation. He replays what Hudson said in his mind. "This guy hasn't been here for a week and he wants to play a game he's never picked up the controllers for." What gives him the right to assume those things? What power does he hold over him? Is it the aristocratic mindset, hypnotizing its host through fame, fortune, and popularity?

Unable to sleep, he climbs out of bed, roaming the empty halls in the wee hours of the morning. At some point, he finds an art gallery, wherein he basks in the poetic interpretations of life. Marble statues rest lifelessly over dangling chandeliers, paintings from obscure artists line the walls, and artifacts of unknown value hide beneath the protection of clear glass boxes on pedestals. One painting in particular speaks to him, and he stands before it in awe. Beneath it, a golden plaque reads, "Liberty Leading the People by Eugene Delacroix". The way the woman appears, reaching for victory with the rest of her men, hits Ignatius like the first toke of DMT. It represents a certain part of his life he thought the universe forgot about, when he was charging into those jungle battles, battles which took place in a territory and ecosystem completely foreign to the freedom fighters. A deep sorrow grows within him, a feeling so ancient that a pharaoh's soul wipes it of cobwebs. He gazes at the painting as if it's his own reflection, a mirror from a different, distant dimension peeking into this one in less than a cosmic blink of an eye. This moment lasts only for a few seconds, but the stillness of Eugene's genius makes him understand that time is eternal, that perception creates the minutes, seconds, and hours that go by.

"Beautiful, isn't it?" states Hudson.

"Where did you find it?"

"There was an art museum here before we tore it down. It had all these… great works that I couldn't let go of. So, I stored them in this room."

"So you built the Presidential Palace?"

"Yes, before that the Presidents would sleep in luxurious secrecy on Alcatraz."

"Why do you do that to Marisa?"

"Ignatius, sometimes you have to show people how to be strong. Marisa, she was weak before she met me. Now that she has something to endure, it hardens her."

"I want to like you, Hudson," Ignatius starts. "But you make it hard for me to have any form of respect for you whatsoever. You physically beat her; even I wouldn't do that to someone. I think you're a coward."

"You will not talk to me like that in my goddamn palace."

"That's why I'm not sleeping here tonight."

The years pass by in a mass stream of consciousness. Ignatius becomes a self-starter, joining protests and negotiating with Marisa behind Hudson's back. Through blackmail, paying off debts, and signing life-threatening contracts, she gets Ignatius into the system. The democratic government operates from their capitol building, the Colosseum, a masterpiece right in the middle of the city. The ideology completely revives the values and standards of the Constitution, with additions by the sane and insane. The catch is that once a law is written it cannot be undone, for the Constitution is a sacred record, and nobody has the power to tarnish its originality. Laws work differently here, for there is no electoral college, ballots, or voters. The President is given five laws during Sessions, written by the sane and insane; his job is to put the most beneficial one into practice. There are four Sessions during each Presidential term, one for each year the elect is in office. The people don't even have the power to vote for a President; that job is at the mercy of the Elite, high-ranking acolytes of the current President, concurrent to a Cabinet.

As the sands of time fly in eternal winds, Ignatius acclimates himself to this strange environment. He shaves his head, cleans himself up, and dons a white robe, its hood always covering his head. He slowly realizes why this is the standard uniform here. In prison, inmates experience something similar to downplay any sense of individuality. Where there are no individuals, there are no individual thoughts. It's manipulation, a literal form of hiding in plain sight.

Ignatius takes note of some interesting events during this time. He oversees construction projects secretly, spying on the architects of their design; at one point, a train station forms before his eyes, built into the East Wall as if it's meant to go beyond the boundaries. After talking to Marisa about this, she replies blankly, "It's the law." This convinces him that someone has foreknowledge of the city's progression, that there are people who have a vision that they want to bring to life, and they're hiding beneath his nose. He spends weeks trying to find out who's who in this city of the damned, and a list of names emits from the fading granite tip of a pencil by candlelight.

Dewey Duke, the economist. Like the doctor said, everything changed after his arrival. Duke currently leads the minting production on Alcatraz, and people around here say he's a con artist, that he scams prisoners out of their welfare for a lifetime of labor. This means that even when a prisoner serves their time on the island, they still have to work in the minting facility. The judge just gives them a prison sentence, not a work sentence after all.

The warden of the prison, Victor Harolds, can fill in the blanks with Dewey however he chooses. Victor Harolds has been the warden ever since the re-founding of San Francisco. He rules over his captives with an iron fist, and legend has it that he keeps the human skulls of his victims in his office. Candles apparently rest in their mouths, flickering across the walls in a pattern broken by teeth and orifices, a true jack-o-lantern.

Overpopulation spikes at certain periods, but sometimes, Ignatius notices empty houses where residence once lived. One day, occupation, the next, abandonment. He doesn't know where the people go; he pretends to be unaware of it, out of the fear that whoever hears him talking about the subject has the power to send him away.

Protests against Hudson skyrocket, and Ignatius takes this opportunity to join protests in an effort to gain public morale. He holds conferences with prominent civil activists, gains the trust of the Forchester surname, a very famous family in the Elite class, and even hosts parties in the city's underground clubs. His personality is unique to them, and he feels confident that the people are on his side. Some nights, he lets himself go, doing drugs like MDMA and Codeine; unbeknownst to him, some government officials follow him, taking pictures of his shortcomings to bolster doubt.

In some cathedrals, he speaks to the churchgoers about his backgrounds with religion. He tells them the story about when he was captured, that moment when his life became God's. Crowds cheer and venerate his bravery, and Ignatius grins, remembering Hudson's advice.

He uses the city's current issues and formulates his own opinions while reflecting how the public feels. Using his time wisely, he expresses his personality by becoming the city's only comedian. Through his daily practices, he invents a craft of his own, displaying himself by pointing out Hudson's flaws and captivating audiences through his dark humor. In one performance, he briefly mentions Violet before turning the subject to Athena, his lost pet bird.

In the Election of 1982, he runs against Quinton Davidson in the Colosseum. Every politician in the city gathers in the stands, listening to men in black suits behind podiums. The debates go on for weeks until the politicians state their opinions. Davidson appeals to them more because of his plans to improve militaristic combat, to lay down on the fugitives who escape the plantations through an Underground Railroad, and to implement a sewage system. Ignatius tries to prove himself through another method: by appealing to their sense of humor. However, Davidson's plans overshadow his performance, and Ignatius walks off the stage after the election, looking like a fool.

That night, he passes by Brownstones, holding Marisa's hand.

"You need an agenda," Marisa states. "You're not going to sway them through skits."

"I don't want to hurt anyone like Davidson," Ignatius grunts with frustration. "I actually want to make people feel better about this situation while also being their leader."

Marisa scoffs. "Purity is nonexistent in the Presidency. Do you know how Hudson got elected? He proposed a human trafficking project. Remember the train station you were asking about? Those bastards in the Colosseum… they're misanthropes."

"You don't understand," Ignatius sighs. "I have this feeling, this… dark void in my heart. I've only felt it once, but it happened when… I watched a little girl drown. I didn't save them, but I could have. I didn't even feel that in Vietnam."

"That's like me with Leo."

"Yes, exactly." They stop walking, and Ignatius looks into her eyes. "Why do they want to hurt people as if they're nothing more than meat on a conveyer belt?"

"I didn't make the rules; that's just how this place works." A lightbulb goes off in her head. "Lie."

"What?"

"Lie to them. Tell them all the bad things you want to do, and then when you get elected, don't do it. Do what you want to do."

"They'll call my bluff; they know how to read people."

"Just trust me. Do you want your life to change? Do you want to rise above your doubts? You were hypocritical for calling Hudson a coward, because that's what you're being right now."

She walks away.

Four years later, after greatly improving himself, he runs against John Calvin, the founder of his own Calvinistic philosophy. John immediately appeals to the occult, pioneering new ideas on how to spread the word of God. He proposes concerts, fairs, and the abolition of the dollar bill because of its decreasing value. It's here wherein Ignatius recognizes how he can accept and overcome his loss; the debate coordinators never ask him anything first. For some reason, they always start off with the guy to his left. When Ignatius gets a chance to propose his ideas, they're already focusing on what Calvin wants. It's strange how one topic can captivate millions while also blinding them.

John defeats Ignatius in the end, giving our antagonist more time to prepare for the next show. In the Election of 1990, he runs against Fiona Forchester, Fabian's wife. The Forchesters are crucial to San Francisco's operation; their wealth and generosity fan away any feelings of paranoia or doubt. They volunteer at fire stations, donate to hospitals, and have a great influence on how things work in the Colosseum. It's here where Ignatius finally gives in to Marisa's words; he speaks before she can.

"I know you all think I'm a nobody," Ignatius states. "But I can assure you that there's more than meets the eye. I have been trying to gain your attention over the past twelve years, and if I lose today, I'm not going to stop." That damn feeling of pure evil rises within him, and the more he accepts it, the more the crowds appear intrigued. "I need you all to heed my words. I'm well aware of our overpopulation crisis, and I'm aware of how we can solve it more efficiently." The darkness that killed Violet consumes him again, and the evil within fuels his words. "That train station we're building, we can link it up to wherever we're sending the victims who're in their houses one day but gone the next. Whatever you guys are doing to them, we can make them disappear at a faster rate. We need to conquer more colonies and turn them into puppet states. Destroying them is a dumb decision when they have valuable resources that we need. Before the Civil War, plantation owners had these contraptions that went over the heads of slaves; it was a device with a bell on it that, when activated, would crush the victim's head instantly. If we had that for our slaves, people wouldn't be too keen on joining the Underground Railroad." For once, they cheer at his words. For once, he feels a strange mixture of evil and gratitude, and whatever the former emotion is, it gives him this power, so he lets it take him over.

After the debates, the Colosseum finally elects Ignatius. That evening, he arrives at the Presidential Palace, where he tears down the Christ the Redeemer statue. Before entering, he hears the familiar call of a bird landing behind him. Turning, he spots Athena in all her glory, smirks, and invites the bird inside.

Now, several years later, Ignatius finds himself staring into the eyes of a beaten Hellen. Beneath the curtain of darkness, a pistol in his hand. "Do you want to know the meaning of that story? Hellen, I let immorality consume me, because it let me win. I'm getting my people into this mindset, because that's how we become feared. That's how you get people to fall in line. You scare them, they become vulnerable. What you did kicked the wasp's nest, and now you go down with Babylon." He raises the gun to her head, cocking the pistol with a grin. "Why did you want to do this? Some part of you should've known how this was going to end."

Sobbing, she replies, "Ever since you got elected, I wanted things to change. I saw what you were going to do with the slaves, and I wanted to end the inevitable massacre. Do you know how many people you've killed with those things? 23,670. I have a book filled with every first and last name of your victims. I was the one who pioneered the Underground Railroad, and now other people are following in my steps. People like me, we don't go away. People like you just create more of us. This isn't who we are, and you know it."

Ignatius pulls the trigger. A bright light entwining with a deafening blast bursts through the chamber. Athena flaps her wings, lets out a cry, and shoots up to the rafters along the ceiling. The President lowers the gun and leaves, hearing Athena descend to pick at the corpse's flesh.