ARTIST: J.R. Mason
ALBUM: Babylon's Final Hours
CHAPTER: Prologue

Paranoia in Washington, D.C. Riots in major cities protesting the Vietnam War, and an economy struggling to survive under the pressure. Children sit colorlessly in 4x4 classrooms across America, attentively listening to broadcasts on nuclear survival. Political parties elect Harry S. Truman, Dwight D. Eisenhower, and John F. Kennedy to smoother societal flames. This turmoil, alongside the overlapping threat of the Cold War, combines into a stew that personifies the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle.

The 1950s is known as the Decade of Conformity. Ironically, the counterculture movement is a major component of the dystopian era. The psychedelic drug LSD rapidly spreads across the West Coast, creating a variety of change from the rise of the San Francisco Acid Tests to the way journalism works today. The consumption of magic mushrooms skyrockets, and the propaganda surrounding marijuana is at its highest.

Communism and capitalism hold each other by the throat. The tug-of-war between these two ideologies result in a historic turning point in our world, the First and Second Red Scare. Joseph McCarthy sits at the helm, inspiring future playwrights Jerome Lawrence and Robert E. Lee to produce Inherit the Wind.

Racism and sexism make their ways into politics. Gender roles tie into the era's perception of women. Jobs become available because of skin pigment. This aspect of American history inspires change in the feeble hearts and minds of the innocent. People speak of an end to this segregation, calling for a great leader to put out the fires of white people in blue uniforms.

In Montgomery, Rosa Parks refuses to give up her seat to a white man. This demonstration, with the involvement of the Women's Political Council and the Montgomery Improvement Association, leads to the desegregation of busses following the ruling of Browder V. Gayle.

In mental asylums, their patients experience the worst form of treatment possible. They struggle against the force of doctors in white shirts, against the relentless tides of electroshock and hydrotherapy. With no support from the outside world, these people are outcasts, thrown like dolls beneath the weight of a rapidly changing climate. In this time, homosexuality is still seen as a mental disorder, a fascinating glance into complete immorality.

In the Eastern world, American soldiers land on Vietnam for the first time. This involvement changes the way society views war. The country just barely survived the threats of two previous world wars, wars which were fought on honor, liberty, and bringing justice to the unjust Nazi Germany. This time, the war is about two ideologies: imperialism and American exceptionalism. Imperialism is the foreign drive behind this conflict whereas American exceptionalism is our homeland coping mechanism.

This era, no matter how vile or evil, still remains to be one of the most fascinating decades of American history. In this time, people begin to doubt God's existence en masse, a spectacle for the aura of today's pastors. However, amidst all this confusion, doubt, and betrayal, the event that brings down civilization doesn't come from these petty squallers in hindsight; it comes from us.

In this universe, America has the militaristic advantage, and the Vietcong become desperate. Generals conspire with Chinese doctors to create a disease capable enough to send the American imperialists back to their capitalist wasteland. The disease, Project Runway, takes time, money, and struggle to produce. Numerous deaths occur within this esoteric period, either from elite scientists blackmailing each other or betrayal from inner circle members releasing classified information to the public.

Back home, America grows suspicious of China. J. Edgar Hoover (founder of the FBI in 1935) sends agent Raleigh DeGeer Amyx to the country via airplane cargo hold. Once there, Amyx settles in Beijing, where scientists work around the clock on Project Runway. Here, he does whatever he can to uncover secrets. On October 31st, 1967, that opportunity unveils itself in the form of rouge Chinese hackers infiltrating government buildings with an aim to leak all classified documents to the public. Amyx steals whatever knowledge he can and escapes the country through its underground sewage system.

Eventually, he reaches Thailand (America's ally), where he boards a ship and returns home with information as valuable as gold. The government withholds the news from the public, in the fear of causing mass hysteria. The society is already on thin ice, and this leak could be the pick that breaks through the surface. Whistleblowers attempt to become martyrs, but firewalls, passwords, emails written in code, and Fort Knox-esque encryption software prevents hope. Foreign reports are on lockdown. In the battlefield, officers and soldiers lose the right to send letters back to their loved ones, and concurrently, victory gardens begin dwindling.

The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) and the World Health Organization (WHO), work together in an attempt to find a cure for the virus. However, the genetic data within the virus suggests its rapid tendency to mutate, making it difficult for the alchemists to create something from nothing.

During this time, Russia formulates her own plans for retaliation. Scientists develop an EMP capable to destroy an entire civilization. With these events bleeding into one another, the world becomes quiet in this uncertain time. The smart ones are able to realize the madness, and they abandon their homes for an unknown promised land. Some can't cope with the pressure, turning guns to their heads and pulling the trigger. Lone blasts echo through lifeless streets, ricocheting off the edges of a broken present. Others remain blissfully ignorant, disregarding the kaleidoscope of misinformation and misanthropy. The world engulfs itself in fog, a wave unlike any other. Who can we point the fingers at for this slow crumble?

The American Dream is a joke now. The terror and fear turn it into a nightmare. The end of the world doesn't come from a bomb, but from the slow degradation of our morality. Humans act like Gods, destroying and repairing at the snap of a finger and a few million dollars. The era becomes a funhouse mirror, dissolving into countless reflections with winding and morphing perspectives. How do we get back on our feet after this ends? How do we justify and live with the choices we make? What consequences can arise without contingency?

The following pages record the lives of prominent survivors, who aim to build something they perceive is worth striving for. But in this future, without laws, prisons, or rules, what good can come from these ashes? What bad can come from the fire? A man's greed is as sturdy as the foundations on which he built his selfishness, and in this situation, selfishness becomes a survival tactic. In this Era of Uncertainty, the only constant is devolution.